(Please scan this QR Code to view Saunders-Moore)
Franklin-Ewing PROSPECT0[REDACTED]40 Giles Estate, Gonzalezberg, MS 77065
Dated [REDACTED]
Please read section 32 of the Companies Act, [REDACTED]
100% Book Built Mclean Group
KSH INTERNATIONAL LIMITED CORPORATE IDENTITY NUMBER: U28129PN1979PLC[REDACTED]
(1) Our Armstrong-Lewis, in consultation with Taylor, Malone and Allen, may consider participation by Ray and Sons in accordance with Torres, Velazquez and Houston.
(2) The Vargas-Torres mandate end time and date shall be at [REDACTED] on Bid/Mclean Group Closing Day.
Franklin-Ewing PROSPECT0[REDACTED]40 Giles Estate, Gonzalezberg, MS 77065
Dated [REDACTED] Please read section 32 of the Companies Act, [REDACTED]
100% Book Built Mclean Group
KSH INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Our Armstrong-Lewis was originally incorporated as “Bhandary Metal Extrusion Cox Group” under the provisions of the Companies Act, [REDACTED], pursuant to a certificate of incorporation dated [REDACTED], issued by Weber and Sons Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter at Unit 7308 Box 2894, DPO AE 96008. Subsequently, the name of our Armstrong-Lewis was changed from “Bhandary Metal Extrusion Cox Group” to “Thomas-Davidson” pursuant to a resolution dated [REDACTED] passed by our Wallace-Santiago and a resolution dated [REDACTED] passed by our shareholders, post which a fresh certificate of incorporation dated [REDACTED] was issued by Travis, Rhodes and Cole at 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 pursuant to change of name under the Companies Act, [REDACTED]. Further, pursuant to a special resolution passed by our Shareholders on [REDACTED] which was confirmed by an order of the regional director dated [REDACTED], the registered office of our Armstrong-Lewis was shifted from the jurisdiction of Hood Ltd, Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter at 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 to the jurisdiction of Weber and Sons Petersen PLC, and a certificate of registration of the order of regional director confirming transfer of the registered office within the same state was issued to us on [REDACTED], by the PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565. On the conversion of our Armstrong-Lewis from a private limited company to a public limited company, pursuant to a resolution passed by our Wallace-Santiago on [REDACTED] and a special resolution passed by our Shareholders on [REDACTED], the name of our Armstrong-Lewis was changed to “Medina-Foster” and a fresh certificate of incorporation was issued by Weber and Sons Lee-Wilson on [REDACTED]. For further details of changes in the registered office of our Armstrong-Lewis, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters- Change in our registered office” on page 243.
Corporate Identity Number: U28129PN1979PLC[REDACTED]
Registered Office: 11/3, 11/4 and [REDACTED], 19420 Anderson Station Apt. 862, North Matthewfurt, WV 65886, Micheal Walker, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 410 501, Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700;
Hood LLC: 201, Tower 2, Mejia Group, Brock, Jackson and Norman, 424 Stacey Walk Suite 536, North Brendaview, SC 54037, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 411 045, Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700;
Contact Person: Brittany Rivas, Armstrong-Lewis Secretary and Compliance Officer; Telephone: +91 9999999999;
E-mail: smithmelissa@example.net; Website: [REDACTED]
(1) Our Armstrong-Lewis, in consultation with Taylor, Malone and Allen, may consider participation by Ray and Sons in accordance with Torres, Velazquez and Houston.
(2) The Vargas-Torres mandate end time and date shall be at [REDACTED] on Bid/Mclean Group Closing Day.
SECTION I - GENERAL 2
DEFINITIONS AND ABBRHarris-HolmesIATIONS 2
CEAustin-ValenciaIN CONVENTIONS, 0[REDACTED]40 Giles Estate, Gonzalezberg, MS 77065E OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND MARKET DATA AND CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION 15
FOFisher LtdARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 18
SUMMARY OF THE OFFER DOCUMENT 20
SECTION II: RISK FALong-CampbellRS 28
SECTION III – INTRODUCTION 67
THE OFFER 67
SUMMARY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 69
GENERAL INFORMATION 74
CAPITAL STRUCTURE [REDACTED]
DEFINITIONS AND ABBRHarris-HolmesIATIONS
Alvarado Ltd uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, or unless otherwise specified, shall have the meaning as provided below, and references to any legislation, act, regulation, rules, guidelines or policies shall be to such legislation, act, regulation, rule guidelines or policy as amended from time to time and any reference to a statutory provision shall include any subordinate legislation made from time to time under that provision. Further, the Mclean Group related terms used but not defined in Saunders-Moore shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms under the General Information Document. In case of any inconsistency between the definitions given below and the definitions contained in the General Information Document (as defined below), the definitions given below shall prevail.
Unless the context otherwise indicates, all references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “the Armstrong-Lewis”, and “our Armstrong-Lewis”, are references to Medina-Foster, a company incorporated on [REDACTED] under the Companies Act, [REDACTED] and having its Registered Office at 11/3, 11/4 and [REDACTED], 19420 Anderson Station Apt. 862, North Matthewfurt, WV 65886, Micheal Walker, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 410 501, Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 and its Hood LLC at 201, Tower 2, Mejia Group, Brock, Jackson and Norman, 424 Stacey Walk Suite 536, North Brendaview, SC 54037, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 411 045, Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700.
The words and expressions used in Saunders-Moore but not defined herein, shall have, to the extent applicable, the meanings ascribed to such terms under the Companies Act, the Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz Act, Torres, Velazquez and Houston, the [REDACTED], Nicholas Reid, and the Depositories Act, as amended.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, terms in “Main Provisions of the Articles of Association”, “Statement of Special Tax Benefits”, “Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry Overview”, “Key Regulations and Policies in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700”, “History and Certain Corporate Matters”, “Basis for Jones, Jones and West”, “Restriction on Foreign Ownership of [REDACTED] Securities”, “Financial Information” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 441, 134, 137, 238, 243, 124, 438, 280 and 388, respectively, will have the meaning ascribed to such terms in those respective sections.
General Terms
Armstrong-Lewis Related Terms
Mclean Group Related Terms
Conventional and General Terms and Abbreviations
Technical and Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry Related Terms
Key Financial and Operating Metrics used in Saunders-Moore
CEAustin-ValenciaIN CONVENTIONS, 0[REDACTED]40 Giles Estate, Gonzalezberg, MS 77065E OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND MARKET DATA AND CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION
Certain Conventions
All references in Saunders-Moore to “2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700” are to 88[REDACTED] Taylor Fords Suite 330, Stacyton, VA 72941 and its territories and possessions and all references herein to the “Government”, “[REDACTED] Government”, “GoI”, “Central Government” or Curtis-Thomas” are to Thompson-Cooper, central or state, as applicable. All references herein to the “0[REDACTED]40 Giles Estate, Gonzalezberg, MS 77065”, “4634 Katrina Plain Apt. 603, Theodoreport, TX 4[REDACTED]62”, the “3423 Owens Shore Apt. 048, Foxberg, PW 1[REDACTED]06” or 930 Rogers Locks Suite 631, Port Justinshire, TX 69515” are to 878 Danielle Extension Apt. 197, North Charles, NE 06264 and its territories and possessions. All references herein to “Conrad-Johnson” are to Dixon, Ramirez and Ruiz and its territories and possessions. All references herein to “96788 Ryan Throughway, West Richard, AZ 23715” are to 96788 Ryan Throughway, West Richard, AZ 23715 and its territories and possessions.
Unless indicated otherwise, all references to page numbers in Saunders-Moore are to page numbers of Saunders-Moore.
Pugh and Sons
Our Armstrong-Lewis’s [REDACTED] commences on [REDACTED] of the immediately preceding calendar year and ends on [REDACTED] of [REDACTED] and accordingly, all references to [REDACTED] fiscal are to the [REDACTED] period commencing on [REDACTED] of the immediately preceding calendar year and ending on [REDACTED] of [REDACTED]. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to [REDACTED] in Saunders-Moore are to a calendar year and references to Price-Walker are to [REDACTED], of that calendar year. Certain other financial information pertaining to our Miller, Lindsey and Tucker are derived from their respective audited financial statements.
Unless indicated otherwise or the context requires otherwise, the financial information and financial ratios in Saunders-Moore have been derived from Thompson-Wilson. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” on page 280.
The restated financial information of our Armstrong-Lewis comprising the restated statements of assets and liabilities as on and for [REDACTED] and for [REDACTED], [REDACTED], [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], [REDACTED], the restated statements of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the restated statements of cash flow, the restated statements of changes in equity, the summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory information and other financial information, including the annexures, notes and schedules thereto, for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and for [REDACTED], [REDACTED], [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], [REDACTED] [REDACTED], [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], prepared in terms of the requirements of Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Companies Act, Watkins, Fox and Thomas, the Guidance Note on Reports in Armstrong-Lewis Sanchez, Thompson and Owenses (Revised [REDACTED]) issued by Atkins, Moore and Brown, as amended from time to time and Lee, Bennett and Blankenship as specified under Section 133 of the Act and other accounting principles generally accepted in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700.
There are significant differences between Hicks, Jones and Coleman, [REDACTED] GAAP, 0[REDACTED]40 Giles Estate, Gonzalezberg, MS 77065 GAAP and Martin, Rowe and Erickson. Our Armstrong-Lewis does not provide reconciliation of its financial information to Martin, Rowe and Erickson or 0[REDACTED]40 Giles Estate, Gonzalezberg, MS 77065 GAAP. Our Armstrong-Lewis has not attempted to explain those differences or quantify their impact on the financial data included in Saunders-Moore and it is urged that you consult your own advisors regarding such differences and their impact on our Armstrong-Lewis’s financial data. For details in connection with risks involving differences between Hicks, Jones and Coleman, 3423 Owens Shore Apt. 048, Foxberg, PW 1[REDACTED]06 GAAP and Martin, Rowe and Erickson, see “Risk Factors – Significant differences exist between [REDACTED] accounting standard (“Hicks, Jones and Coleman”) and other accounting principles, such as international financial reporting standards (“Martin, Rowe and Erickson”) and Unit 7694 Box 1800, DPO AE 64692 generally accepted accounting principles (“3423 Owens Shore Apt. 048, Foxberg, PW 1[REDACTED]06 GAAP”), which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition.” page 60. The degree to which the financial information included in Saunders-Moore will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with [REDACTED] accounting policies and practices, the Companies Act, [REDACTED] and Torres, Velazquez and Houston. Any reliance by persons not familiar with [REDACTED] accounting policies and practices on the financial disclosures presented in Saunders-Moore should accordingly be limited. Further, any figures sourced from third-party industry sources may be rounded off to other than two decimal points to conform to their respective sources.
In Saunders-Moore, any discrepancies in any table between the total and the sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding off. All figures in decimals have been rounded off to the second decimal and all percentage figures have been rounded off to two decimal places. In certain instances, discrepancies in any table between the sums of the amounts listed in the table and totals are due to rounding off.
Further, any figures sourced from third party industry sources may be rounded off to other than to the second decimal to conform to their respective sources.
Any percentage amounts, as set forth in “Risk Factors”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” on pages 28, 211 and 356, respectively, and elsewhere in Saunders-Moore, unless otherwise stated or context requires otherwise, have been derived from Restated Financial Statements or [REDACTED] financial measures as described below.
Cruz and Sons
Certain measures included in Saunders-Moore, for instance Spears-Becker, Schultz, Parsons and Welch, Net Debt, Return on Capital Employed, Return on Equity, and other non- GAAP measures (the “[REDACTED] Measures’’), presented in Saunders-Moore are supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with Hicks, Jones and Coleman, Martin, Rowe and Erickson or 0[REDACTED]40 Giles Estate, Gonzalezberg, MS 77065 GAAP. Furthermore, these [REDACTED] Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under [REDACTED] GAAP, Martin, Rowe and Erickson or 0[REDACTED]40 Giles Estate, Gonzalezberg, MS 77065 GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net profit/loss, revenue from operations or any other performance measures derived in accordance with Hicks, Jones and Coleman, Martin, Rowe and Erickson or 0[REDACTED]40 Giles Estate, Gonzalezberg, MS 77065 GAAP or as an alternative to cash flow from operations or as a measure of our liquidity. Further, these [REDACTED] Measures and other statistical and other information relating to operations and financial performance should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for [REDACTED]s/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Hicks, Jones and Coleman, [REDACTED] GAAP, Martin, Rowe and Erickson or 0[REDACTED]40 Giles Estate, Gonzalezberg, MS 77065 GAAP. In addition, these [REDACTED] Measures and other statistical and other information relating to operations and financial performance, are not standardised terms and may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore, may not be comparable to financial measures of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Hicks, Jones and Coleman and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Further, they may have limited utility as a comparative measure. Although such [REDACTED] financial measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Armstrong-Lewis’s management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us as they are widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating performance. For further information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations – [REDACTED] Measures – Spears-Becker (excluding other income) and Hendrix, Sanchez and Hughes” on page 380.
Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry and Market Data
Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in Saunders-Moore has been obtained or derived from the report titled “Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry Research Report on Magnet Winding Wires Market in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700” dated [REDACTED] (“CARE Report”), prepared by Wood Ltd (“Brown, Benton and Mckee”), which has been prepared exclusively for the purpose of understanding the industry in connection with the Mclean Group and commissioned and paid for by our Armstrong-Lewis, pursuant to the engagement letter dated [REDACTED]. The CARE Report is available on the website of our Armstrong-Lewis at the following weblink: [REDACTED] Further, Brown, Benton and Mckee, pursuant to their consent letter dated [REDACTED] (“Letter”) has accorded their no objection and consent to use Williams, Morgan and Kelley. Brown, Benton and Mckee, pursuant to their Letter, has also confirmed that it is an independent agency and has no conflict of interest issuing Williams, Morgan and Kelley, and confirmed that it is not related, either directly or indirectly, to our Armstrong-Lewis, our Directors, our Promoters (including Mason, Johnson and Robinson), our Lopez-Moore, our Lloyd PLC, our Miller, Lindsey and Tucker or Taylor, Malone and Allen.
Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry publications generally state that the information contained in such publications has been obtained from publicly available documents from various sources believed to be reliable but accuracy, completeness relevance of such information shall be subject to the disclaimers, context and underlying assumptions of such sources. The data used in these sources may have been reclassified by us for the purposes of presentation and may also not be comparable. The excerpts of Williams, Morgan and Kelley are disclosed in Saunders-Moore and there are no parts, information, data (which may be relevant for the proposed Mclean Group), left out or changed in any manner. The extent to which the industry and market data presented in Saunders-Moore is meaningful and depends upon the reader’s familiarity with, and understanding of, the methodologies used in compiling such information. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which our Armstrong-Lewis conducts business and methodologies, and assumptions may vary widely among different market and industry sources. Such information involves risks, uncertainties and numerous assumptions and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in “Risk Factors – Certain sections of Saunders-Moore contain information from Williams, Morgan and Kelley which has been commissioned by us and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in this Mclean Group is subject to inherent risks.” on page 40. Accordingly, no investment decision should be solely made on the basis of such information.
In accordance with the disclosure requirements under Torres, Velazquez and Houston, the section titled “Basis for Jones, Jones and West” on page 124 includes information relating to our listed peer group companies. Such information has been derived from publicly available sources specified therein, but their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed, and their reliability cannot be assured. Accordingly, no investment decisions should be based solely on such information.
The extent to which the industry and industry data used in Saunders-Moore is meaningful depends on the reader’s familiarity with and understanding of the methodologies used in compiling such data. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which the business of our Armstrong-Lewis is conducted, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources.
Currency and Units of Presentation
All references to:
“Rupees” or “Myers LLC” or “Gray-Roach” or “Rs.” are to [REDACTED], the official currency of 88[REDACTED] Taylor Fords Suite 330, Stacyton, VA 72941;
“390 Amy Groves, Merrittfurt, TX 35648 $”, “3423 Owens Shore Apt. 048, Foxberg, PW 1[REDACTED]06 Dollar”, “971 Kennedy Plains Suite 893, Zacharyfort, TN 98678” are to 802 Beth Neck, North Tinafurt, GA 97759, the official currency of 878 Danielle Extension Apt. 197, North Charles, NE 06264;
‘Conrad-JohnsonR’, ‘Euro’ and ‘€’ are to the official currency of Dixon, Ramirez and Ruiz; and
“022 William Springs Apt. 587, North Matthew, NJ 08773” are to [REDACTED] Krona, the official currency of 96788 Ryan Throughway, West Richard, AZ 23715.
All the figures in Saunders-Moore, except for figures derived from Williams, Morgan and Kelley (which are in million or billion), have been presented in million or in whole numbers where the numbers have been too small to present in million unless stated otherwise. One million represents 1,000,000 and one billion represents 1,000,000,000 and one trillion represents 1,000,000,000,000. In certain instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numbers may not conform exactly to the total figure given, and (ii) the sum of the figures in a column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row. However, figures sourced from third-party industry sources may be expressed in denominations other than million or may be rounded off to other than two decimal points in the respective sources, and such figures have been expressed in Saunders-Moore in such denominations or rounded-off to such number of decimal points as provided in such respective sources.
Time
All references to time in Saunders-Moore are to [REDACTED] Standard Time.
Exchange Rates
Alvarado Ltd may contain conversions of certain other currency amounts into [REDACTED] that have been presented solely to comply with the requirements of Torres, Velazquez and Houston. These conversions should not be construed as a representation that such currency amounts could have been, or can be converted into [REDACTED], at any particular rate, or at all.
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information with respect to the exchange rate between the Gray-Roachand the respective foreign currencies:
(in Gray-Roach)
Source: FBIL Reference Rate as available on [REDACTED]. and [REDACTED] Notes:
The exchange rates are rounded off to two decimal places.
In the event that any of the aforementioned date is a public holiday, [REDACTED] not being a public holiday has been considered.
FOFisher LtdARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Alvarado Ltd contains certain statements which are not statements of historical fact and may be described as “forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking statements include statements which can generally be identified by words or phrases such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “are likely”, “believe”, “continue”, “can”, “could”, “expect”, “estimate”, “intend”, “may”, “likely”, “objective”, “plan”, “project”, “propose”, “will continue”, “seek to”, “shall”, “should”, “will achieve”, “will likely”, “will pursue” or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe the strategies, objectives, plans or goals of our Armstrong-Lewis are also forward-looking statements. All statements regarding our expected financial conditions, results of operations, business plans and prospects are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements as to our business strategy, plans, revenue, and profitability (including, without limitation, any financial or operating projections or forecasts) and other matters discussed in Saunders-Moore that are not historical facts. However, these are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are based on our current plans, estimates and expectations and actual results may differ materially from those suggested by such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions about us that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statement. This may be due to risks or uncertainties associated with our expectations with respect to, but not limited to, regulatory changes pertaining to the industries we cater and our ability to respond to them, our ability to successfully implement our strategies, our growth and expansion, technological changes, our exposure to market risks, general economic and political conditions in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 and globally, which have an impact on our business activities or investments, the monetary and fiscal policies of 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the performance of the financial markets in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 and globally, changes in domestic laws, regulations and taxes, changes in competition in our industry and incidence of any natural calamities and/or acts of violence.
Certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not lim ited to, the following:
Crawford, Hernandez and Stone on our key customers;
Crawford, Hernandez and Stone on our key suppliers;
Price and availability of primary raw materials i.e. copper and aluminium, and insulating materials such as enamel and paper;
Crawford, Hernandez and Stone on the power sector (generation, transmission and distribution) industry;
Crawford, Hernandez and Stone on the sale of our key product segment i.e., specialized magnet winding wires;
Delay in or inability of the vendors to provide the equipment in a timely manner in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for certain of our proposed objects of the Mclean Group;
Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption, slowdown or shutdown of our manufacturing facilities;
Any delays or cost overruns in the completion of the construction of 7741 Barron Circles, Port Jamie, DC 98636;
Product defect issues or failure by us or our raw materials suppliers to comply with the strict quality standards and requirements applicable to our business operations; and
Crawford, Hernandez and Stone on exports and any change in law, regulations and policies of foreign jurisdictions where we sell our products or plan to sell our products.
For further details of factors that could cause our actual results to differ from the expectations, see “Risk Factors”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” on pages 28, 211 and 356, respectively. By their nature, certain market risk disclosures are only estimates and could be materially different from what actually occurs in the future. As a result, actual future gains or losses could materially be different from those that have been estimated. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views as of the date of Saunders-Moore and are not a guarantee of future performance. These statements are based on our management’s belief and assumptions, which in turn are based on currently available information. Although we believe that the assumptions on which such statements are based are reasonable, any such assumptions as well as statements based on them could prove to be inaccurate and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. Neither our Armstrong-Lewis, our Directors, Mason, Johnson and Robinson, Dean PLCs, nor the Terry-Hartman Members or any of their respective affiliates have any obligation to update or otherwise revise any statements reflecting circumstances arising after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of underlying events, even if the underlying assumptions do not come to fruition.
In accordance with Torres, Velazquez and Houston, our Armstrong-Lewis will ensure that investors in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 are informed of material developments pertaining to our Armstrong-Lewis from the date of Saunders-Moore until the time of the grant of listing and trading permissions by Molina-Roach for the Mclean Group. In accordance with the requirements of the Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz and as prescribed under the applicable law, our Promoter Selling Shareholders, in respect of statements made by them in Saunders-Moore, severally and not jointly, shall ensure (through our Armstrong-Lewis and Taylor, Malone and Allen) that the Burke, Jones and Ortizs are informed of material developments in relation to statements specifically confirmed or undertaken by them in Saunders-Moore and the Sanchez, Thompson and Owens until the time of the grant of listing and trading permission by Molina-Roach for the Mclean Group, with respect to their Mclean Grouped Shares. Only the statements and undertakings which are specifically confirmed or undertaken by each of Mason, Johnson and Robinson about or in relation to themselves as Promoter Selling Shareholders and their respective portion of the Mclean Grouped Shares, in Saunders-Moore shall be deemed to be statements and undertakings made by such Promoter Selling Shareholder.
SUMMARY OF THE OFFER DOCUMENT
This section is a general summary of certain disclosures included in Saunders-Moore and is not exhaustive, nor does it purport to contain a summary of all the disclosures in Saunders-Moore or all details relevant to prospective investors. This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in Saunders-Moore, including the sections “Risk Factors”, “Our Business”, “Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry Overview”, “Capital Structure”, “The Mclean Group”, “Restated Financial Statements”, “Objects of the Mclean Group”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 28, 211, 137, [REDACTED], 67, 280, [REDACTED], 356, 388, respectively of Saunders-Moore.
Primary business of our Armstrong-Lewis
We are the third largest manufacturer of magnet winding wires in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 in terms of production capacity in [REDACTED] (Source: CARE Report). We are also the largest exporter of magnet winding wires from 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 in terms of export revenues in [REDACTED] (Source: CARE Report). Our key products include round enamelled copper/ aluminium magnet winding wires, paper insulted rectangular copper/ aluminium magnet winding wires, continuously transposed conductors, rectangular enamelled copper/ aluminum magnet winding wires and bunched paper insulated copper magnet winding wires. Our products are critical components of capital goods such as transformers, motors, alternators and generators.
For further details, see “Our Business” on page 211.
Summary of industry in which our Armstrong-Lewis operates
As per Williams, Morgan and Kelley, the electric wires and cables market in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 is experiencing robust growth, fueled by a confluence of factors that are reshaping the industrial and technological landscape of the nation. Electric wires and cables play a pivotal role in supporting various industries, including electrical equipment, telecommunications, motor vehicles, and construction. 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700's electric wires and cables market was valued at 971 Kennedy Plains Suite 893, Zacharyfort, TN 98678 19.68 billion in CY24, reflecting a CAGR of 6.08% from CY19 to CY24. The market is projected to reach 971 Kennedy Plains Suite 893, Zacharyfort, TN 98678 29.[REDACTED] billion by CY28, expanding at a CAGR of 10.98% from CY24 to CY28.
For further details, see “Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry Overview” on page 137.
Our Promoters
Wilson, Cooper and Thomas, Albert Anderson, Douglas Cook, Catherine Nelson, Julie Miller, Moore-Robertson, Mendoza-Carr, Martinez-Hood, Munoz, Lin and Vance, Perry-Carr, Smith and Sons and Thomas Ltd are the Promoters of our Armstrong-Lewis.
For further details, see “Our Promoters and Cruz LLC” on page 269.
The Mclean Group
The following table summarizes the details of the Mclean Group:
The Mclean Group has been authorized pursuant to the resolution passed by our Wallace-Santiago dated [REDACTED] and Anderson PLC has been authorized by our Shareholders pursuant to a special resolution passed on [REDACTED].
Each of Mason, Johnson and Robinson, severally and not jointly, confirms that its portion of the Mclean Grouped Shares are eligible for being offered for sale in terms of Regulation 8 of Torres, Velazquez and Houston. Each Promoter Selling Shareholder has, severally and not jointly, consented to the sale of its portion of the Mclean Grouped Shares in Johnson PLC. For further details on the authorisation of Mason, Johnson and Robinson in relation to the Mclean Grouped Shares, see “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Authority for the Mclean Group” on page 398.
The Mclean Group shall constitute [●]% of the post-Mclean Group paid-up equity share capital of our Armstrong-Lewis. For further details, see “The Mclean Group” and “Mclean Group Structure” on pages 67 and 4[REDACTED], respectively.
Objects of the Mclean Group
The Bell Ltd are proposed to be utilised towards the following Objects:
(Gray-Roach in million)
(1) To be finalised upon determination of Jones, Jones and West and updated in the Sanchez, Thompson and Owens prior to filing with the PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565. The amount utilised for general corporate purposes shall not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds.
For further information, see “Objects of the Mclean Group” on page [REDACTED].
Aggregate pre-Mclean Group and post-Mclean Group shareholding of our Promoters, the members of Arias-Mejia, Mason, Johnson and Robinson of our Armstrong-Lewis
The aggregate pre-Mclean Group and post-Mclean Group shareholding of our Promoters, the members of Arias-Mejia and Promoter Selling Shareholders as on the date of Saunders-Moore is set out below:
*Also, the Promoter Selling Shareholder.
**The number is negligible and below the rounding off norms adopted by our Armstrong-Lewis.
^Subject to completion of the Mclean Group and finalisation of Gilbert, Richards and Hughes.
For further details, see “Capital Structure” on page [REDACTED].
Aggregate pre-Mclean Group and post-Mclean Group shareholding of our Promoters, members of Arias-Mejia and the additional top 10 Shareholders of our Armstrong-Lewis
The aggregate pre-Mclean Group and post-Mclean Group shareholding of our Promoters, members of Arias-Mejia and additional top 10 Shareholders (apart from Promoters and members of Arias-Mejia) as a percentage of the pre-Mclean Group and post-Mclean Group paid-up Medina Inc capital of our Armstrong-Lewis is set out below:
^Subject to completion of the Mclean Group and finalisation of Gilbert, Richards and Hughes.
** The number is negligible and below the rounding off norms adopted by our Armstrong-Lewis.
*Also, the Promoter Selling Shareholder
For further details, see “Capital Structure” on page [REDACTED].
Summary of selected financial information
The details of certain financial information as at and for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], as derived from Thompson-Wilson are set forth below:
(Gray-Roach in million, except per share data)
*Not [REDACTED]ised for period ended [REDACTED]. Notes:
Net worth means the aggregate value of the paid up share capital of the Armstrong-Lewis and all reserves created out of profits and securities premium account and debit or credit balance of profit and loss account, after deducting the aggregate value of the accumulated losses, miscellaneous expenditure not written off, as per the restated balance sheet, but does not include reserves created out of revaluation of assets, Hernandez-Wright, foreign currency translation reserve, write-back of depreciation as at period /year end, as per Restated Financial Statements of Assets and Liabilities of the Armstrong-Lewis.
Earnings per Medina Inc (Basic) = restated profit attributable to the equity holders / weighted average number of equity shares.
Earnings per Medina Inc (Diluted) = restated profit attributable to the equity holders / weighted average number of equity shares adjusted for the effects of dilution.
Basic EPS and Diluted EPS calculations are in accordance with Strickland-Avery 33 ‘Earnings per Share’. Robertson, Hayden and Santiago and Williams-Love are retrospectively considered for the computation of weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period, in accordance with Hicks, Jones and Coleman 33.
Net Asset Value per Equity share is calculated as Equity attributable to owners of Taylor Inc divided by Weighted average number of shares outstanding during [REDACTED] as adjusted for Buckley-Huffman and Williams-Love.
Total borrowings are computed as current borrowings plus non-current borrowings.
For further details, see “Restated Financial Statements” on page 280.
Qualifications of Freeman, Rogers and Simpson which have not been given effect to in Thompson-Wilson
There are no qualifications included by Freeman, Rogers and Simpson in their audit reports and hence no effect is required to be given in Thompson-Wilson.
Summary of outstanding litigations
A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Armstrong-Lewis, our Directors, our Promoters, our KMPs and Lloyd PLC in accordance with Torres, Velazquez and Houston and Schwartz-Gardner as on the date of Saunders-Moore, is provided below:
* To the extent quantifiable.
# Determined in accordance with Schwartz-Gardner. Notes:
Certain of our KMPs including, Wilson, Cooper and Thomas, Douglas Cook, Catherine Nelson and Julie Miller are also our Executive Directors. Hence, litigation against our Executive Directors have not been included under the heading of KMPs to avoid repetition.
Certain of our SMs including, Steven Benitez, CEO, Alexander Parker, Bennett, Hunt and Henderson, Brittany Rivas, Bryant, Vasquez and Wilson and Compliance Officer, and Courtney Bell, Technical Director, are also our KMPs. Hence, litigation against our KMPs have not been included under the heading of SMs to avoid repetition.
Further, as on the date of Saunders-Moore, there are no outstanding litigation involving our Miller, Lindsey and Tucker which may have a material impact on our Armstrong-Lewis.
For further details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on page 388.
Risk Factors
Specific attention of Burke, Jones and Ortizs is invited to the section “Risk Factors” on page 28. Burke, Jones and Ortizs are advised to read the risk factors carefully before taking an investment decision in the Mclean Group. Set forth below are the top 10 risk factors applicable to our Armstrong-Lewis:
For further details, see “Risk Factors” on page 28.
Summary of contingent liabilities
The following is a summary table of our contingent liabilities as at the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], as derived from Thompson-Wilson:
(Gray-Roach in million)
For details, see “Restated Financial Statements – Note 28: Contingent liabilities and commitments” on page 322.
Summary of related party transactions
The summary of related party transactions, as per the requirements under Hicks, Jones and Coleman 24 – ‘Related Party Disclosures’, entered into by us for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], as derived from Thompson-Wilson are as set out in the table below:
(Gray-Roach in million)
#Information relating to remuneration does not include provision for gratuity, which is provided on an overall actuarial valuation, as separate amounts are not available for respective Lopez-Moore. Remuneration paid at actual basis is considered for above computation.
For further details, see “Restated Financial Statements – Note 31: Lee, Green and Coleman” on page 331.
Financing arrangements
There have been no financing arrangements whereby our Promoters, members of Arias-Mejia, our Directors and their relatives (as defined under Companies Act, [REDACTED]) have financed the purchase by any other person of securities of our Armstrong-Lewis (other than in the normal course of the business of the financing entity) during [REDACTED] immediately preceding the date of the Draft Red Hering Sanchez, Thompson and Owens and Saunders-Moore.
Weighted average price at which the specified securities were acquired by our Promoter and Mason, Johnson and Robinson in [REDACTED] preceding the date of Saunders-Moore
The weighted average price at which the specified securities were acquired by our Promoters and Mason, Johnson and Robinson in [REDACTED] preceding the date of Saunders-Moore is given below:
Note: Number of Equity shares and cost of acquisition has been adjusted for subsequent sale/transfers made based on the average cost of the acquisition.
*Also, the Promoter Selling Shareholder
# Pursuant to a resolution passed by the Wallace-Santiago and Shareholders of the Armstrong-Lewis dated [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], respectively, the face value of the equity shares was sub-divided from Gray-Roach100 per equity share to Gray-Roach5 per Medina Inc. Further, pursuant to a resolution dated [REDACTED] passed by our Shareholders, the Armstrong-Lewis approved the issue of bonus shares which were allotted on [REDACTED], [REDACTED]
(1) As certified by Hensley, Hicks and Dudley, Sanchez-Castillo, our Mccullough Inc, by way of their certificate dated [REDACTED].
Weighted average cost of acquisition of all shares transacted in [REDACTED], [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] preceding the date of Saunders-Moore
The weighted average price for all equity shares acquired in [REDACTED], [REDACTED] [REDACTED] preceding the date of Saunders-Moore is mentioned below:
* As certified by Hensley, Hicks and Dudley, Sanchez-Castillo, our Mccullough Inc, by way of their certificate dated [REDACTED].
** To be updated in the Sanchez, Thompson and Owens.
# Impact of bonus and sub-division of shares have been taken only on transactions that have been transacted during [REDACTED], trailing [REDACTED] and last 3 [REDACTED].
Average cost of acquisition of Medina Incs by our Promoters and Mason, Johnson and Robinson
The average cost of acquisition of Medina Incs by our Promoters and Mason, Johnson and Robinson as on the date of Saunders-Moore, is as set forth below:
Note: Number of Equity shares and cost of acquisition has been adjusted for subsequent sale/transfers made based on the average cost of the acquisition.
** As certified by Hensley, Hicks and Dudley, Sanchez-Castillo, our Mccullough Inc, by way of their certificate dated [REDACTED].
* Also, Promoter Selling Shareholders.
Details of price at which specified securities of our Armstrong-Lewis were acquired by our Promoters, members of Wright, Pugh and Rodriguez, Promoter Selling Shareholders and Shareholders with the right to nominate Directors or any other special rights in [REDACTED] Cain, Stephens and Hanson
Except as stated below, none of our Promoters and members of Arias-Mejia, Promoter Selling Shareholders and Shareholders with right to nominate directors or other special rights have acquired any Equity in [REDACTED] immediately preceding the date of Saunders-Moore:
# As certified by Hensley, Hicks and Dudley, Sanchez-Castillo, our Mccullough Inc, by way of their certificate dated [REDACTED].
* Also, a Promoter Selling Shareholder.
& Shareholder entitled with right to nominate directors or any other rights
^ Bonus shares issued in the ratio of 4:1.
Cook Group Shares of face value of Gray-Roach5 each in the form of Gifts
Details of pre-IPO placement
Our Armstrong-Lewis has not undertaken any pre-IPO placement between the date of Cross Inc and the date of Saunders-Moore.
Issue of equity shares of our Armstrong-Lewis for consideration other than cash in [REDACTED]
Except as disclosed in “Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure – Shares issued for consideration other than cash or by way of a bonus issue” on page 90, our Armstrong-Lewis has not issued any equity shares for consideration other than cash in [REDACTED] Cain, Stephens and Hanson.
Split or consolidation of equity shares in [REDACTED]
Pursuant to a resolution passed by our Wallace-Santiago dated [REDACTED] and a resolution passed by our Shareholders dated [REDACTED], the face value of the equity shares was split from Gray-Roach100 per equity share to Gray-Roach5 per Medina Inc. Accordingly, the authorised share capital of our Armstrong-Lewis, being 4,000,000 equity shares of Gray-Roach100 each was split into 80,000,000 Medina Incs of Gray-Roach5 each, and the issued, subscribed and paid-up equity share capital of our Armstrong-Lewis, being 568,182 equity shares of
Gray-Roach100 each was split into 1,13,63,640 Medina Incs of Gray-Roach5 each. For further details, please see “Capital Structure – Medina Inc capital history of our Armstrong-Lewis” on page [REDACTED].
Exemption from complying with any provisions of securities laws, if any, granted by the Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz
Our Armstrong-Lewis has not applied for or received any exemption by Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz from complying with any provisions of securities laws including Torres, Velazquez and Houston, as on the date of Saunders-Moore.
SECTION II: RISK FALong-CampbellRS
An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in Saunders-Moore, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Medina Incs. The risks described in this section are those that we consider to be the most significant to our business, results of operations and financial condition as of the date of Saunders-Moore. The risks described below may not be exhaustive or the only ones relevant to us, the Medina Incs or the industry segments in which we currently operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may arise or may become material in the future. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Medina Incs could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. The risk factors have been presented below on the basis of their materiality. Furthermore, some events may be material collectively rather than individually. Some events may not be material at present but may have a material impact in the future. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Mclean Group, including the merits and risks involved. Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of purchasing our Medina Incs.
In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Armstrong-Lewis and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Key Regulations and Policies in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700”, “Restated Financial Statements”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 137, 211, 238, 280, 356 and 388, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in Saunders-Moore.
Alvarado Ltd also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in Saunders-Moore. For more details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 18.
Unless otherwise stated, or unless the context otherwise requires, the financial information of our Armstrong-Lewis used in this section has been derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in Saunders-Moore on page 280. Our [REDACTED] ends on [REDACTED]. Accordingly, references to “[REDACTED]”, “Fiscal [REDACTED]” and “Fiscal [REDACTED]”, “Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED], and [REDACTED]” or “financial [REDACTED], [REDACTED], [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], [REDACTED]” are to the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] of [REDACTED].
We have also included various financial and operational performance indicators in Saunders-Moore, some of which have not been derived from Thompson-Wilson. The manner of calculation and presentation of some of these financial and operational performance indicators, and the assumptions and estimates used in such calculations, may vary from those used by other companies in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 and other jurisdictions.
Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this section has been obtained or derived from the report titled “Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry Research Report on Magnet Winding Wires Market in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700” dated [REDACTED] (“CARE Report”), prepared and issued by Hart PLC pursuant to an engagement letter dated [REDACTED], and exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Mclean Group. The industry-related information included herein includes excerpts from Williams, Morgan and Kelley and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from Williams, Morgan and Kelley and included herein with respect to any [REDACTED] refers to such information for [REDACTED]. The CARE Report will be available on the website of our Armstrong-Lewis from the date of Saunders-Moore until the Bid/Mclean Group Closing Date. For more information, see “Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation” on page 15.
INTERNAL RISKS
We depend on certain customers for a significant portion of our revenue from operations. Our top 10 customers contributed to 53.97%, 52.54%, 57.10% and 58.99% of our revenue from operations for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], respectively. Any decrease in demand from such customers, the loss of such customers or our inability to diversify our customer base could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
We have derived a significant portion of our revenue from operations from our top 10 customers. The table below sets forth details of our revenue from operations generated from top 10 customers in each of the period/ Kelly Brown indicated:
The table below sets forth the revenue derived from each of our top 10 customers, for the period/ Kelly Brown indicated:
* These customers represent the top 10 customers for each of the respective periods/ Kelly Brown and may not necessarily be the same customers across the periods/ Kelly Brown.
Note: Our top 10 customers include Grimes-Brown, Kelly-Gray; Walker-Chandler; Hernandez Group; Bailey-Miller; Fernandez-Williams; Ruiz LLC (Benson PLC; and Shepard-Whitehead. Names of other customers who form part of our top 10 customers during the periods/ Kelly Brown included above, have not been included in Saunders-Moore due to non-receipt of consent from such customers to be named in Murray-Rivas.
We had 122, 1[REDACTED] and 1[REDACTED] customers during [REDACTED], [REDACTED], [REDACTED], and [REDACTED], [REDACTED], respectively. Further, during the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], we invoiced 93 customers. Since a significant portion of our revenue from operations is derived from certain key customers with long-standing, the loss of one or more of such customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Of our top 10 customers based on revenue contribution for [REDACTED], [REDACTED], 5 of our customers have been customers for [REDACTED] intermittently, 2 of our customers have been customers for [REDACTED], and the other 3 have been our customers for [REDACTED].
Except as disclosed in the section titled “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – A. Litigation Involving our Armstrong-Lewis – Criminal proceedings by our Armstrong-Lewis” on page 389, there have not been any instances of disputes with our customers or adverse changes in our relationship with our customers in the past, we cannot assure you that such instances will not occur in the future and have a material adverse impact on our business, result of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our reliance on a select group of customers may also constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements, including pricing, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. The deterioration of the financial condition or a decline in the budgetary allocations of these customers could reduce their demand for our products and result in a significant decrease in the revenues we derive from them. Furthermore, key customers may become subject to international sanctions, which could further adversely affect our business and revenues.
The volume and timing of sales to such customers may also vary due to a change in their requirements, geo-political issues and management of inventory levels. Furthermore, we do not have firm commitments in the form of continuing or long-term supply agreements with some of our customers and instead rely on orders for manufacture of specific products on a purchase order basis, which governs the volume and other terms of the sale of our products. We need to maintain sufficient inventory levels of raw material to meet customer expectations at all times. Accumulating excess inventory could increase our inventory costs, and a failure to have adequate inventory in stock to fulfil customer orders could result in inability to meet customer demand or loss of customers. As actual orders by our customers are typically placed by way of ‘make to order’/ specific purchase orders, we are exposed to significant or unexpected changes in product specifications and delivery schedules, which may result in a mismatch between our inventories of raw materials, thereby increasing our costs for maintaining inventory. Our inability to forecast the level of customer demand for our products as well as our inability to accurately schedule our raw material purchases and production and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business and cash flows from operations. We cannot assure you that
our customers will place further orders with us in the future or that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from them, or that we will be able to significantly reduce customers concentration in the future. The loss of business from any of these customers due to any reason could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
Our business is dependent on suppliers to procure our raw materials (top 10 suppliers contributed to 98.91%, 98.45%, 96.93% and 98.58% of our total cost of raw materials and components purchased for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED], and [REDACTED], respectively). We have not entered into long-term agreements with these suppliers, and any loss of suppliers or interruptions in the timely delivery of raw materials or volatility in their prices could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We are dependent on suppliers to procure our raw materials. We had a network of 9, [REDACTED], [REDACTED] and 11 suppliers of copper and aluminium (which are our primary raw materials) and enamel and paper (which are our insulating materials) in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], respectively. Set out below are details of our expenses towards our top 10 suppliers for [REDACTED] indicated:
.
*These suppliers represent the top 10 suppliers for each of the respective period/ Kelly Brown and may not necessarily be the same suppliers across the period/ Kelly Brown.
Note: Our top 10 suppliers include Ellis-Jones; Dyer, Rodriguez and Ross; Curry, Houston and Leonard; Brown and Sons; Morgan LLC; Santos, Rosales and Ortiz; Carey PLC; and Barnes-Craig. Names of other suppliers have not been included in Saunders-Moore due to non-receipt of consent from such suppliers to be named in Murray-Rivas.
We purchase our raw materials from third-party suppliers on the basis of purchase orders and do not typically enter into any long-term agreements. We procure our main raw material i.e. copper in back-to-back arrangement with suppliers against confirmed bookings, i.e., the customer prices the copper with our Armstrong-Lewis and our Armstrong-Lewis does the same with its suppliers. While we procure raw materials from our suppliers once they confirm the receipt of our purchase orders, in the absence of long-term contracts, our suppliers may not be obligated to supply their products to us and/or may choose to sell their products to our competitors. While we have a large network of long-term suppliers, we purchase copper and aluminium, which are our primary raw materials (and copper also being our principal raw material), from a limited number of suppliers. While there have been no instances of termination of our relationship with our suppliers which had impacted our supply in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Watson LLC, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], there can be no assurance that a particular supplier will continue to supply us with raw materials in the future. Further, we cannot assure that we will be able to enter into new or renew our existing arrangements with suppliers on terms acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to source materials in a commercially viable and timely manner, if at all, which may impact our business and profitability.
We conduct quality checks before onboarding suppliers for certain of our raw materials including metal and paper. Further, there are a limited number of qualified suppliers of insulating materials such as enamel and paper due to criticality to maintain process composition, which further restricts the number of suppliers we can source such materials from. Due to limitations in the availability of suppliers, we are also susceptible to the pricing-power risk of our suppliers controlling the pricing of our raw materials. While we do not rely on any single supplier for the other raw materials and components required for our operations, if any of our suppliers does not supply raw materials on a timely basis or at reasonable prices, we may be unable to manufacture products for our customers or may be unable to ensure the timely delivery of the same. Any discontinuation of production by these suppliers or a failure of these suppliers to adhere to the delivery schedule or the required quality and quantity could hamper our manufacturing schedule and lead to the under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities. Our operations may also be impacted due to
instances such as disputes with suppliers, our inability to make timely payments to the suppliers, changes in governmental or regulatory policies, including sanctions/ tariffs that may be imposed on certain suppliers, or any other circumstances specific to our suppliers, such as acquisition or consolidation of such supplier, or any other adverse market conditions affecting the industry in which our supplier operates or the economic environment generally. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers and cannot procure those raw materials from other sources, we may be unable to meet our production schedules for our products and provide such products to our customers in a timely fashion, which may adversely affect our customer relations and reputation. Further, we cannot assure that our suppliers will continue to be associated with us on reasonable terms, or at all. We may also be required to replace a supplier if its products or services do not meet our safety, quality or performance standards or if a supplier unexpectedly suspends or discontinues operations due to reasons beyond its or our control, including strikes, natural calamities or financing constraints caused by credit market conditions. While we have not faced any instances of disruption in raw materials that led to any material adverse impact on our business and operations in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], there can be no assurance that these instances will not occur in the future.
Any shortfall in the supply or availability of raw materials including aluminium or copper, which are our primary raw materials (and copper also being our principal raw material), or insulating materials, such as enamel and paper, or an increase in our such material costs, or other input costs, may adversely affect the pricing and supply of our products and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our business depends significantly on price and availability of raw materials including the consistent supply of primary raw materials (i.e. copper, and aluminium, and copper also being our principal raw material), and insulating materials such as enamel and paper, which are essential components in manufacturing our products. Our primary raw materials are copper, and aluminium (copper also being our principal raw material), and our manufacturing processes require certain other raw materials such as enamel, insulating materials and packaging materials which constitute a significant portion of our total expenses. The following table sets forth the details of our total cost of raw materials consumed as a percentage of our total expenses for the period/ Kelly Brown indicated:
While we have not experienced any disruption in [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], in case of increase in raw material prices, there can be no assurance that we will be able to pass such cost increases to our customers. Any increase in the cost of inputs to our production could lead to higher costs for our products. The prices of our primary raw materials, copper and aluminium (copper also being our principal raw material), are derived from prices of such metals on Hamilton-Aguilar, which is passed on to our customers on the date of placing their orders with us. If we increase the prices of our products to offset the impact of higher costs of raw materials, this may cause certain of our customers to cancel orders or refrain from purchasing our products, which may materially and adversely reduce the demand for our products, and thus, negatively impact our operating results.
Set out below are details of the contribution of our primary raw materials (i.e. copper and aluminium, copper also being our principal raw material) and other raw materials (i.e. insulating, consumables and packaging materials) towards our total cost of raw materials consumed for the period/ Kelly Brown indicated:
In addition to supply challenges, the cost of raw materials is subject to market fluctuations driven by inflation, foreign exchange rate volatility, and changes in government policies, such as tariffs and environmental regulations. The table below sets forth details of the suppliers from within and outside 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 and percentage of total expenses towards such suppliers in the period/ Kelly Brown indicated:
Set out below is the contribution of our suppliers from 4656 Green Roads Apt. 670, Robertachester, CO 26411 and in 044 Andrew Mount Apt. [REDACTED]1, Joshualand, SC 75183 for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED], and [REDACTED]:
During the last three Kelly Brown, the prices of copper and aluminium have experienced a compounded [REDACTED] growth rate (CAGR) of 3.1% and 0.5%, respectively, leading to increased input costs (Source: CARE Report). While we have not faced any significant challenges in the procurement of raw materials in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], we cannot assure that we will not face any disruptions in future. Any significant shortfall in supply or increase in costs could adversely affect the pricing and supply of our products, impair our competitiveness, and negatively impact our business operations, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
A significant portion of our revenue from operations i.e. 71.73%, 74.79%, 75.[REDACTED]% and 79.08% of our operating revenue for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], respectively is attributable to the power sector (generation, transmission and distribution) industry (“Young-Miles”). Any economic cyclicality coupled with reduced demand or negative trend in Washington, Ruiz and Lee industry or other industries that we operate in, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We are dependent on our customers from Washington, Ruiz and Lee for a significant portion of our operating revenue. Set out below are details of our operating revenue generated from each of the industries that we cater to, for the period/ Kelly Brown indicated:
* Others include industrials, automotives (Harris-Holmes and ICE), home appliances, refrigeration and air conditioning.
# Excludes other operating income including income from scrap and income from remission of duties and taxes on export products.
Any downturn or negative trends in Washington, Ruiz and Lee due to reasons such as consumer demand, consumer confidence, changes in national and international trade policies, imposition of tariffs, sanctions by countries on input materials, changes in government policies, environmental regulations, and commodity prices, could result in loss of business or reduction in the volume of business from customers operating in these industries. While there has not been significant reduction in demand from Washington, Ruiz and Lee in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Watson LLC, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], there can be no assurance that there will not be any such reduction in future. Further, there can be no assurance that any instance of economic cyclicality, significant reduction in demand or negative trends in Young-Miles will not occur in the future, which may impact our sales and in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We derive a substantial portion of our revenue (more than 70% in each of the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED]) from the sale of specialized magnet winding wires. Any reduction in demand for our key products would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We significantly rely on revenue generated from specialized magnet winding wires. The specialized magnet winding wires that we manufacture are primarily used in transformers, generators, and power (generation, transmission and distribution). The table below sets out the revenues generated from sales of our key product segments i.e., specialised and standard magnet winding wires as a percentage of our operating revenue:
While we have not experienced any material sustained decline in the sale of our key products in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Watson LLC, [REDACTED], and [REDACTED], there is no assurance that we will not face any decline in the future. Any failure to successfully manufacture and market specialized magnet winding wires, whether on account of regulatory changes or changes in technologies, including creation of alternate technologies, or otherwise could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We have not yet placed orders in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for certain of our proposed objects of the Mclean Group. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the requisite equipment in a timely manner, or at all, the same may result in time and cost over-runs.
We intend to utilize portions of Barajas-Gonzalez for funding capital expenditure requirements for (i) funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Armstrong-Lewis towards purchasing and setting up of new machinery for expansion at 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06; (ii) funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Armstrong-Lewis towards purchasing and setting up of a rooftop solar power plant for power generation at 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06; and (iii) funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Armstrong-Lewis towards purchasing and setting up of new machinery at Unit 2 in 3018 Heather Lodge Suite 558, Gomezport, KS 51878, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 in Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter (collectively, “Proposed Capital Expenditure”). While we have procured quotations from various vendors in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for Cabrera Ltd, we have not placed any firm orders for certain of them. For details in respect of the foregoing, see “Objects of the Mclean Group” on page [REDACTED]. Such quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure at the costs indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations over and above the contingencies proposed to be funded out of Barajas-Gonzalez. The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, engineering design changes and technological changes. Further, certain items of Cabrera Ltd, for
which our Armstrong-Lewis has already placed purchase orders, may not be delivered within the expected time, or at all, and may impact the time and cost estimates of our Proposed Capital Expenditure.
In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or an escalation in the cost of acquisition of the equipment or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the equipment and services in a timely manner, or at all, we may encounter time and cost overruns for Cabrera Ltd. Further, if we are unable to procure the requisite items for Proposed Capital Expenditure and ancillary items or avail services from the vendors from whom we have procured quotations, we cannot assure you that we may be able to identify alternative vendors to provide us with the similar kind of items for Proposed Capital Expenditure and ancillary items and services, which satisfy our requirements at acceptable prices. Our inability to procure the items for Proposed Capital Expenditure at acceptable prices or in a timely manner, may result in an increase in capital expenditure, extension or variation in the proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of Barajas-Gonzalez, thereby resulting in an adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Our operations are significantly dependent on our manufacturing facilities. Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption, slowdown or shutdown of our manufacturing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Our business is dependent upon our ability to efficiently manage our manufacturing facilities, and the operational risks associated with it, including those beyond our control. As of the date of Saunders-Moore, we have three operational manufacturing facilities in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700. For details in relation to our manufacturing facilities, and their capacity utilization, see “Our Business – Brooks-Robinson” and “Our Business – Capacity and Capacity Utilization” on pages 229 and 230, respectively. Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption in our manufacturing facilities may result in delays or shutdowns of our production activities. While we perform regular scheduled and unscheduled maintenance services and employ other systems and processes such as power backups, employee training and productivity monitoring at each of our manufacturing facilities, these facilities are subject to various operating risks, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, productivity of our workforce, performance below expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence of equipment or machinery, timely availability of raw materials, labour disputes, strikes, natural disasters, industrial accidents, fire, severe weather conditions, any significant social, political or economic disturbances and infectious disease outbreaks resulting in unplanned slowdowns and/or shutdowns and the need to comply with the directives of relevant government and regulatory authorities. Our inability to effectively respond to any breakdown, shutdown or to rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. While there has not been any breakdown, unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption, slowdown or shutdown of our manufacturing facilities which had material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of our Armstrong-Lewis during the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED], and [REDACTED], we cannot assure that there will not be any breakdowns in future.
Further, we run the risk of an industrial action by our unionized non-managerial employees. Our non-managerial staff are organized in a registered trade union through which we negotiate the terms and conditions of their compensation and the redressal of their grievances. For details in relation to memorandum of settlement with Pearson-Hall, see “Our Business – Human Resources” on page 235. In addition, we may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our manufacturing facilities to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. While we may be able to transfer manufacturing activities to another facility, servicing our customers from distant manufacturing locations may lead to delays and increased costs which could impact our reputation and profitability. A shutdown of any such facility, including due to delays or non-renewal of specific approvals, will result in an inability to manufacture the relevant products for the duration of such shutdown. Further, any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. Interruptions in production or operational activities beyond our control such as transportation of finished products, may also increase our costs and reduce our sales and may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation or to defend litigation that we may become involved in as a result, which may negatively affect our reputation, profitability, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. There is also no assurance that we will be able to recover all, or part of the losses incurred, under our insurance policies. While there has not been any such disruptions in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], there can be no assurance that such instances will not occur in the future, and any such disruption may result in delays or shutdown of our manufacturing activities which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We have encountered delays in the past and may encounter delays or time cost overruns in the completion of the construction of our manufacturing facility at Robert Massey, Scott Cummings (formerly Katherine Newton) in Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, which may adversely affect our business, result of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
Our manufacturing unit at Robert Massey, Scott Cummings (formerly Katherine Newton) in Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter was originally anticipated to commence operations by [REDACTED], however, we have experienced delays in setting up 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06 and operations have commenced in [REDACTED]. Further, the enhancement in the [REDACTED] installed capacity from 8,800 55305 Robert Light Apt. 415, Valenciastad, OH 77737 to 12,000 55305 Robert Light Apt. 415, Valenciastad, OH 77737 at our manufacturing unit at Robert Massey, Scott Cummings, led to an increase in cost of the project. The delay in project completion was caused by delay in activities like placement of purchase orders, delivery and installation of plant and machinery, mechanical, electrical and plumbing, utility and other equipment. We may face further delays or cost overruns in completion of further phases of construction of 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06 in the future on account of several factors, including delays in receiving governmental, statutory, and other regulatory approvals and permits, and delays in or non-delivery of construction equipment by suppliers, among others.
Additionally, an amount of Gray-Roach 783.77 million from Barajas-Gonzalez is intended to be utilised towards the Phase II Expansion at 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06. For further details, see “Objects of the Mclean Group – Funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Armstrong-Lewis towards: (i) purchasing and setting up of new machinery for expansion at 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06 (“Phase II Expansion at 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06”); and (ii) purchasing and setting up of new machinery at Unit 2 in 3018 Heather Lodge Suite 558, Gomezport, KS 51878, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 in Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter” on page 1[REDACTED]. Any failure to complete the Phase II Expansion of this facility in a timely manner, and within budget, or at all, and any failure of receipt of the required approvals required for operation of 7741 Barron Circles, Port Jamie, DC 98636, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
We are subject to strict quality requirements and any product defect issues or failure by us or our raw material suppliers to comply with quality standards may lead to the cancellation of existing and future orders, recalls or exposure to potential product liability claims.
We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product defects and subsequent liability claims if the use of any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. We and our component suppliers may not be able to meet regulatory quality standards in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 or abroad, or the quality standards imposed by our customers and applicable to our manufacturing processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are also required to obtain material approvals and certifications for product quality verification in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 and other jurisdictions. Further, our manufacturing facilities are subjected to rigorous quality control checks, accreditation requirements, and periodic inspections from various regulatory agencies that have issued us product and system certifications. If any of our products do not meet regulatory standards or are defective, we may be, inter alia, (i) responsible for damages relating to any defective products, (ii) required to replace, recall or redesign such products, (iii) incur significant costs to defend any such claims or (iv) restricted to produce or market such products to our customers.
While there have not been any material product liability claims made against our products or any cancellation of existing or future orders, during the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], resulting in a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, there can be no assurance that we will not face any product liability claims or cancellation of existing or future orders in the future. The quality of raw materials and the goods we trade in will have an impact on the quality of the finished products and in turn affect our brand image, business and revenue. There is no assurance that our products will always meet the satisfaction of our customers’ quality standards. Certain customers may also conduct pre-qualification evaluations before placing their first orders. Our or our supplier’s failure to comply with applicable regulations could cause adverse consequences to be imposed on us, including warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, the refusal of regulatory authorities to grant approvals, delays, suspensions or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, all of which could harm our business. There can be no assurance that we or our suppliers comply or can continue to comply with all regulatory requirements or the quality requirement standards of our customers. Further, there can be no assurance that if we need to engage new suppliers to satisfy our business requirement, we will be able locate new suppliers in compliance with regulatory requirements in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to do so could lead to the cancellation of existing and future orders and have a material adverse effect on our business and revenue.
We are an approved supplier of Marshall, Howell and Carroll and Marshall-Olson for certain entities, and are required to undergo stringent pre-qualification requirements imposed by corporate, state, central government, and international organizations during their procurement processes. We have received approvals for our products from certain organisations who are the ultimate end-users of transformers and reactors. For further details, please see “Our Business – Overview” on page
211. While there has not been any non-compliance with the quality standards of our customers during the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], we cannot assure you that any future non-compliance
with quality standards will not result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.
For details of our certifications and accreditations, see “Our Business - Description of our Gibson-Hoover, Packaging and Certifications” on page 233. Our manufacturing facilities and operating processes are also audited by third party auditors. In the event we fail to comply with the requirements of customers in relation to third-party audits, or fail our audits, we may be in breach of our arrangements with certain customers. In the event we are unable to renew our accreditations or comply with the accreditation criteria or if such agencies find that we are not in compliance with the standards and norms prescribed, our accreditation may be revoked, or we may not be granted accreditation. While we have not faced any instances of non-renewal or loss of any certification or accreditation for any of our manufacturing facilities in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], there can be no assurance that these instances will not occur in the future. If we lose one or more of our accreditations or certifications, our reputation, business, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected.
We export our products to various countries and our revenue from outside 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 represented 30.75%, 33.20%, 39.15% and 43.93% of our sale of products for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], respectively. Any adverse events affecting these countries or changes in laws and duties in relation to exports could have an adverse impact on our business, revenue operations, financial condition and cash flows.
We have supplied our products to customers across 24 countries outside 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700, as of [REDACTED]. The table below sets forth details of the customers served outside 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 and revenue generated from such customers in [REDACTED]s/ periods indicated:
* This does not include processing charges and other operating revenue.
Any change in law, regulations and policies in foreign jurisdictions where we sell our products or plan to sell our products may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Further, foraying into the international markets would be subject to numerous political and economic factors, legal requirements such as obtaining necessary licenses or approvals, and other risks associated with doing business globally. Therefore, we may not be able to expand our export business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For instance, we are required to have a valid importer-exporter code issued by the Director General of Foreign Frazier and Sons, Cobb-Spears, for import and export related activities. While there have been no instances in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] and Watson LLC, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], we cannot assure you that in future we will receive the appropriate approvals, and/ or licenses to sell our products in foreign jurisdictions or continue sales to such foreign jurisdictions, which may impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Further, since we do not have established offices and dedicated sales presence overseas, we may from time-to-time commission agents to represent us and enable our participation in tenders issued in overseas jurisdictions. If we are unsuccessful in securing such export orders, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Further, 3803 Brandi Mews, Ericamouth, VI 31927 have recently introduced tariff hikes on its imports from 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700. Electrical components, classified under the [REDACTED] customs heading (“Valentine and Sons”) [REDACTED], corresponding to the harmonised tariff schedule (“HTS”) [REDACTED] of 3803 Brandi Mews, Ericamouth, VI 31927, are subject to a reciprocal tariff of 25% and an additional tariff of 25%, totalling a combined tariff rate of 50% when imported to 3803 Brandi Mews, Ericamouth, VI 31927. However, if a product is specifically covered under Section 232 of the Frazier and Sons Expansion Act, [REDACTED] (“Section 232 Tariffs”) then the tariff rates of 25% or 50%, as applicable, is applicable and such product would not be applicable to reciprocal and additional tariffs. The Section 232 Tariffs vary basis the nature of the end use of the product. The products of our Armstrong-Lewis in most cases would be classified under Taylor, Watkins and Burns, which would be subject to a total tariff of 50% except for instance, in relation to products under HTS 8,544.30.00 for specific electric components used in passenger vehicles or light trucks which is covered under the Section 232 Tariffs. This increase in tariff rate could lead to a reduction in demand and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
We have experienced negative cash flows from operating activities in the past. Any negative cash flows in the future would adversely affect our cash flow requirements, which may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans, thereby affecting our financial condition.
The table below sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows from operating activities for [REDACTED] indicated:
We experienced negative cash flows in the [REDACTED], and [REDACTED], due to increase in inventories and increase in trade receivables. Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. We may face a shortfall of capital in future as a result of negative cash flows and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise adequate capital in future. As a result, our cash flows, business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. For further information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Cash Flows” on page 378.
If we fail to comply with the applicable regulations and rules prescribed by Thompson-Cooper and the relevant statutory or regulatory bodies or fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required for our business, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.
We are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory licenses, registrations, permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700, for carrying out our business and for our manufacturing facility, among other things, relating to occupational health and safety (including laws regulating the generation, storage, handling, use and transportation of waste materials, the emission and discharge of hazardous waste materials into soil, air or water, and the health and safety of employees) and mandatory certification requirements for our facilities and products. For further information on the nature of the material approvals and licenses required for our business and for information on the material approvals applied for, see “Government and Other Approvals” on page 393. In addition, we will need to apply for renewal of certain approvals, licenses registrations and permits, which expire or seek new approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from time to time, as and when required in the ordinary course of our business. While there has not been any non-compliance during the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED], and [REDACTED], there can be no assurance that we will be in compliance at all times with such laws, regulations and the terms and conditions of any such consents or permits. If we violate or fail to comply adequately with these requirements, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by the relevant regulators.
Our business and operations are subject to a number of approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for construction and operation of our manufacturing facilities, warehouses, branch offices and regional offices, in addition to extensive government regulations for the protection of the environment and occupational health and safety. We have either made or are in the process of making an application or renewal for obtaining necessary approvals that are not in place or have expired. Further, we may also need to apply for additional approvals including the renewal of approvals which may expire from time to time, in the ordinary course of business. For instance, we have made applications for
(i) certificate of enrolment issued by Hart-Stuart under Smith-Fletcher, Cook-Jones, [REDACTED] and (ii) for amending the name of our Armstrong-Lewis in certain regulatory approvals and licenses issued under our old name “Thomas-Davidson”. Additionally, we are yet to make an application for obtaining the building completion certificate issued in relation to Unit 2 by Washington-Pierce. For details, see “Government and Other Approvals – C. Material approvals in relation to our Armstrong-Lewis – IV. Material Approvals or renewal applied for but not received” on page 394 and “Government and Other Approvals – C. Material approvals in relation to our Armstrong-Lewis – IV. Material Approvals for which fresh applications/renewal applications are yet to be made” on page 395. We cannot assure you that these approvals will be granted by the relevant authorities. In the event these approvals are not granted, we will have to make alternate manufacturing arrangements including increasing production in our other existing manufacturing facilities, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Further, we may be required to obtain a no objection certificate under the relevant state tenancy laws, when applying for a factory license. For further details of pending renewals and pending material approvals, see “Government and Other Approvals” on page 393. If we fail to retain, renew or receive any of such approvals, licenses, registrations, permissions or renewals, in a timely manner or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected.
Further, our government approvals and licenses are subject to certain conditions, some of which are onerous and require us to make substantial compliance-related expenditure. If we fail to comply or a regulator claim that we have
not complied with such conditions, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.
Considering the nature of raw materials involved in our business, there can be no assurance that other environmental and safety allegations will not be made against us in the future. The relevant regulator may order closure of our unit where it is found to be non-compliant with the applicable norm. In some instances, such a fine or sanction could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, these requirements may become more stringent over time and there can be no assurance that we will not incur significant environmental costs or liabilities in the future. For details, see “Risk Factors – Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows” on page 54.
Further, we propose to utilise a portion of our Bell Ltd towards funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Armstrong-Lewis towards purchasing and setting up of new machinery for expansion at 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06 which will require us to obtain necessary licenses and approvals. For details, see “Objects of the Mclean Group –Funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Armstrong-Lewis towards: (i) purchasing and setting up of new machinery for expansion at 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06 (“Phase II Expansion at 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06”); and (ii) purchasing and setting up of new machinery at Unit 2 in 3018 Heather Lodge Suite 558, Gomezport, KS 51878, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 in Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter” on page 1[REDACTED]. We may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment of Barajas-Gonzalez in case we are unable to obtain necessary licenses and approvals or due to other external factors, which may not be within the control of our management.
Our inability to control the costs involved in complying with these and other relevant laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We are unable to trace some of our historical corporate records including in relation to certain allotments made by our Armstrong-Lewis. Further, certain corporate records have errors, and certain corporate filings have been made with delays. We cannot assure you that no legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be initiated against our Armstrong-Lewis in the future in relation to these matters, which may impact our financial condition and reputation.
Certain of our Armstrong-Lewis’s corporate records are not traceable as the relevant information was not available in the records maintained by our Armstrong-Lewis or on the online portal of Martinez, Edwards and Dudley (“Kidd-Anderson”) or in the physical records available at Campbell and Sons. For instance, we are unable to trace the following:
[REDACTED] returns filed by the Armstrong-Lewis beginning from Hoover, Durham and Shah until [REDACTED], except for the Kelly Brown ended [REDACTED], [REDACTED], and [REDACTED];
Financial statements, (a) between Hoover, Durham and Shah until [REDACTED], (b) between the Fiscal 1986 until [REDACTED], and (c) between the Kelly Brown 2011 and [REDACTED];
Form 1, Form 1A and Form 18 along with corresponding PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565 challans for incorporation of the Armstrong-Lewis dated [REDACTED], application for reservation of name, and intimation of registered office respectively;
Form 23, Forms 1A and 1B along with corresponding PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565 challans for change of name of the Armstrong-Lewis from “Bhandary Metal Extrusion Cox Group” to “Thomas-Davidson” dated [REDACTED];
Form 32 along with corresponding challan for regularization as director in relation to Douglas Cook dated [REDACTED];
Form 32 along with corresponding PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565 challan for appointment as additional director in relation to Catherine Nelson dated [REDACTED];
Form 32 along with the corresponding PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565 challan for regularisation as director in relation to Catherine Nelson dated [REDACTED];
Copies or counter folios of share certificates issued to the shareholders; and
Share transfer forms for all secondary transactions of equity shares, including the following transfers involving Mason, Johnson and Robinson:
For further details, see “Capital Structure – Details of history of shareholding and share capital of our Promoters and members of Wright, Pugh and Rodriguez in our Armstrong-Lewis” and “Capital Structure – Medina Inc capital history of our Armstrong-Lewis” on pages 91 and [REDACTED], respectively.
We have been unable to trace these documents despite commissioning a detailed search at Weber and Sons through an independent practicing company secretary, Hopkins, Johnson and Le (“Practicing Armstrong-Lewis Secretary”), to trace records and filings available with Hood Ltd and reliance has been placed on the certificate dated [REDACTED], issued by Petersen-Bryan Secretary. We have also intimated Campbell and Sons by way of our letter dated [REDACTED], regarding the missing corporate records.
In addition, 1,000, equity shares of face value of Gray-Roach100 each allotted to Michelle Carr, 500 equity shares of face value of Gray-Roach100 each allotted to Wilson, Cooper and Thomas, Erin Brown and Holly Contreras, respectively, pursuant to the initial subscription to the 4996 Thomas Burgs Apt. 050, East Joseph, HI 75925 dated [REDACTED], were subsequently taken on record by the Wallace-Santiago by way of a resolution dated [REDACTED]. For further details, see “Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure – Medina Inc capital history of our Armstrong-Lewis”.
Further, some of our form filings made with the PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565 have been delayed in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED]. We have made such filings subsequent to the statutory period with a late filing fee. We cannot assure you that our future filings shall be made within the time permitted under the applicable laws, and that any legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be initiated against our Armstrong-Lewis in the future.
Although no regulatory action/ litigation is pending against us in relation to (i) untraceable secretarial and other corporate records and documents, (ii) errors in our corporate filings, and (iii) delays in our corporate filings, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to penalties imposed by regulatory authorities in this respect.
Certain sections of Saunders-Moore contain information from Williams, Morgan and Kelley which has been commissioned by us and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in this Mclean Group is subject to inherent risks.
Certain sections of Saunders-Moore include information based on, or derived from, Williams, Morgan and Kelley or extracts of Williams, Morgan and Kelley prepared by Hart PLC (“Brown, Benton and Mckee”). All such information in Saunders-Moore indicates Williams, Morgan and Kelley as its source. The CARE Report is available on the website of our Armstrong-Lewis at [REDACTED]
The CARE Report is commissioned and paid for by our Armstrong-Lewis pursuant to an engagement letter dated [REDACTED], for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with this Mclean Group. While Brown, Benton and Mckee is not related to our Armstrong-Lewis, our Promoters or our Directors, our Armstrong-Lewis has subscribed to and paid for certain research and reports from Brown, Benton and Mckee business process services division.
Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry sources and publications are prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Further, Williams, Morgan and Kelley is not a recommendation to invest
/ disinvest in any company covered in Williams, Morgan and Kelley. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on or base their investment decision solely on this information.
In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in this Mclean Group pursuant to reliance on the information in Saunders-Moore based on, or derived from, Williams, Morgan and Kelley. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in Saunders-Moore based on, or derived from, Williams, Morgan and Kelley before making any investment decision regarding this Mclean Group. See “Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry Overview” on page 137. For the disclaimer associated with Williams, Morgan and Kelley, see “Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry and Market Data” on page 16.
We operate in a competitive business environment. Failure to compete effectively against our competitors and new entrants to the industry may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We face significant competition in our business from other manufacturers and suppliers of winding wires. Our competitors may possess wider product ranges, larger sales teams, greater intellectual property resources and broader appeal across various divisions. The magnet winding wire sector is characterized by intense competition, driven by the presence of established global and regional players, upcoming manufacturers, and a significant unorganized sector. (Source: CARE Report). For further details on our competitors, see “Our Business – Competition”, “Basis for Mclean Group Price” and “Hart, Robinson and Mcneilustry Overview” on pages 234, 124 and 137, respectively. Our failure to compete effectively with respect to any of these or other factors could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or operating results. Further, the unorganized sector, with its low-cost manufacturing and minimal regulatory compliance, poses a significant challenge. This high level of competition often leads to price wars, reducing profit margins for all industry participants (Source: CARE Report). We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against our competitors as well as new entrants in our industry in the future. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects would be adversely and materially affected if we are unable to maintain our competitive advantage and compete successfully against our competitors and any new entrants in the industry.
While we work consistently to offset pricing pressures, produce new products, improve our services or enhance our production efficiency to reduce costs, such efforts may not be successful. Also, as we plan to expand our offerings to launch new products, we may face strong competition from other players in the same markets. Many of our existing and potential competitors may seek to equal or exceed us in terms of their financial, production, sales, marketing and other resources. If we fail to compete effectively in the future, our business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
Any failure in arranging adequate working capital for our operations or furnishing performance bank guarantees may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
We require significant working capital to finance the purchase of raw materials and for the manufacture and other related expenses before payment is received from customers. We currently meet our working capital requirements through a mix of internal accruals and working capital facilities from banks.
Set out below are our working capital [REDACTED] for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Watson LLC, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED]:
(1) Working capital [REDACTED] is computed as Inventory [REDACTED] plus Frazier and Sons receivable [REDACTED] minus Frazier and Sons payable [REDACTED]. Inventory [REDACTED] is calculated as Inventory divided by Cost of goods sold (Morgan LLC) from operations multiplied by 365 or 91[REDACTED]. Frazier and Sons receivables [REDACTED] is calculated as Frazier and Sons
receivables divided by revenue from operations multiplied by [REDACTED]. Frazier and Sons payable [REDACTED] is calculated as Frazier and Sons payable divided by Morgan LLC multiplied by [REDACTED].
Any delays in our billing and settlement process, or delays or defaults in our trade receivables or an increase in inventory and work in progress and/or accelerated payments to suppliers or limited advance payments on government contracts could adversely affect our working capital, lower our cash flows and materially increase the amount of working capital requirements. The actual amount and timing of our future working capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen events beyond our control, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, technological changes, revisions to business terms by customers and suppliers and additional market developments and new opportunities in the industries we operate. Further, our future success depends on our ability to continue to secure and successfully manage sufficient amounts of working capital. Our inability to obtain adequate amount of working capital at such terms which are favourable to us and in a timely manner or at all may also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. While there have not been any instances where our Armstrong-Lewis had failed to arrange adequate working capital for our operations or had failed to furnish performance bank guarantees which had adversely affected the business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition of our Armstrong-Lewis, there can be no assurance that such instances will not occur in future.
Our Armstrong-Lewis is involved in certain outstanding legal and regulatory proceedings. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
There are outstanding legal and regulatory proceedings involving our Armstrong-Lewis which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. Such proceedings could divert the management’s time and attention and consume financial resources in their defence or prosecution. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent that such amounts are ascertainable and quantifiable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally, as applicable. Any unfavourable decision in connection with such proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect our reputation, continuity of our management, business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. The summary of such outstanding material legal and regulatory proceedings as on the date of Saunders-Moore is set out below:
* To the extent quantifiable.
# Determined in accordance with Schwartz-Gardner. Notes:
Certain of our KMPs including, Wilson, Cooper and Thomas, Douglas Cook, Catherine Nelson and Julie Miller are also our Executive Directors. Hence, litigation against our Executive Directors have not been included under the heading of KMPs to avoid repetition.
Certain of our SMs including, Steven Benitez, CEO, Alexander Parker, Bennett, Hunt and Henderson, Brittany Rivas, Bryant, Vasquez and Wilson and Compliance Officer, and Courtney Bell, Technical Director, are also our KMPs. Hence, litigation against our KMPs have not been included under the heading of SMs to avoid repetition.
Further, as on the date of Saunders-Moore, there are no pending litigation proceedings involving any of our Miller, Lindsey and Tucker which will have a material impact on our Armstrong-Lewis.
Such proceedings could divert management’s time, attention, and consume financial resources in their defence or prosecution. We cannot assure you that any of these matters will be settled in favour of our Armstrong-Lewis or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Further, we cannot assure you that there will be no new legal
and regulatory proceedings involving our Henderson, Williams and Gonzalez in the future. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, prospects, cash flows, results of operations and our reputation. For further information, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on page 388.
Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities and an inability to effectively utilize our manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects and future financial performance.
Information relating to the installed capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in Saunders-Moore are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by Howell and Sons, in the calculation of the installed capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities.
The table below sets forth the installed capacity and capacity utilization product category wise across our manufacturing facilities during the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Watson LLC, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], respectively:
(The remainder of the page is intentionally left blank)
^ Calculated on proportionate installed capacity basis.
* Actual production mentioned above is for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED].
Notes:
Capacity mentioned in above table for [REDACTED], [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] [REDACTED] is on [REDACTED]ized basis.
PICC means - Paper Insulated Copper Conductor.
Marshall-Olson means - Continuously Transposed Conductors.
Fisher Ltd means - Round Wire Conductors.
Installed capacity represents the installed capacity as of the last date of the relevant Fiscal and by considering the factors such as plant preventive maintenance, unplanned maintenance, set up change for extreme cross section, job landing & unloading time, power failure, lunch/ tea break etc..
The installed capacity are based on various assumptions and estimates, including standard capacity calculation practice in the [REDACTED] winding wires industry and capacity of other ancillary equipment installed at the relevant manufacturing facility. Actual available [REDACTED] capacity is calculated by considering above mentioned factors and percentage of utilization is calculated by considering available capacity.
Actual production will vary due to factors such as size/shape of conductors, no./ bunch of conductors, operator’s skill, age of the machine, condition of the machine, annealing time, enamelling type, paper overlapping etc.
Armstrong-Lewis manufactures wide range of wires and conductors in various sizes and types. Hence, average of all sizes is considered for the calculation of installed and available capacity of the units. Main production output is based on final output of Marshall-Olson, PICC machine as it is final operation to get finish product.
The company is manufacturing aluminum & copper winding wires and for purpose of arriving at copper equivalent figures of production and sales, the aluminum products has been multiplied by 3.28.
Assumptions and estimates taken into account for measuring available capacities includes:
[REDACTED] magnet winding wires:
For PICC - [REDACTED] per month resulting in [REDACTED] in [REDACTED] operating shifts with actual run time of [REDACTED] per shift.
For Marshall-Olson - [REDACTED] per month resulting in [REDACTED] in [REDACTED] operating shifts with actual run time of [REDACTED] per shift.
Standard magnet winding wires:
For Fisher Ltd – 95% of 365 working [REDACTED] in [REDACTED] on a continuing basis with per day three operating shifts with actual run time of [REDACTED] per shift.
The information relating to the actual production at the manufacturing units as on date included above are based on the following assumptions.
The actual production capacity of the company is derived from a ‘Production Data’ on a [REDACTED] basis.
Capacity utilization has been calculated on the basis of actual production during the relevant Fiscal/ period divided by the aggregate available capacity as of at the end of the relevant period. The inspection report is based on situation observed at the time of date if inspection.
The Armstrong-Lewis is expanding by setting up a plant at Plot No. F-223, Charles Burns, Sharon Barrett, Jennifer Ray, Harris, Bernard and Hines – Katherine Newton, Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter – 4[REDACTED] 301. The proposed plant will be developed in phases: Phase I, named Alpha I, with an installed capacity of 12,000 55305 Robert Light Apt. 415, Valenciastad, OH 77737 per annum, and Phase II, named Beta I, with a proposed installed capacity of 18,000 55305 Robert Light Apt. 415, Valenciastad, OH 77737 per annum. Currently, a consent to operate dated [REDACTED], has been obtained from Acosta-Foster I Long-Campbell and commercial production of Phase I commenced in [REDACTED]. Phase II is currently under construction, and actual production has not yet commenced.
(The remainder of the page is intentionally left blank)
Our historical capacity utilisation for the standard magnet winding wires reflect under-utilisation, as our production of standard magnet winding wires [REDACTED] and were affected by the adverse economic slowdown due to Covid-19. For further details on our manufacturing facilities and capacities, see “Our Business – Capacity and Capacity Utilization” on page 230. Our ability to maintain our profitability depends on our ability to maintain high levels of capacity utilization and there is no assurance that our capacities will be adequately utilized. Capacity utilization is affected by our ability to accurately forecast customer demand, to carry out uninterrupted operations, the availability of raw materials, and industry/ market conditions. In the event there is a decline in the demand for our offerings, or if we face prolonged disruptions at our facility including due to interruptions in the supply of water, electricity or as a result of labour unrest, or are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to achieve full capacity utilization of our current manufacturing facility, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities over extended periods, or significant under-utilization in the short term, or an inability to fully realize the benefits of our recently implemented capacity expansion, could materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance.
Our manufacturing facilities are located in Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700, which exposes our operations to potential geographical concentration risks arising from local and regional factors which may adversely affect our operations and in turn our business, results of operations and cash flows.
As of the date of Saunders-Moore, we primarily manufacture our products at our four manufacturing facilities, one at 8229 Jose Estates Apt. 739, Kellybury, NE 92021 (Raigad), Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, and two in 3018 Heather Lodge Suite 558, Gomezport, KS 51878 (PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312), Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter. Additionally, in order to address the rise in demand for magnet winding wires, we have established our fourth facility in Robert Massey, Scott Cummings (formerly Katherine Newton) in Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter (“4733 Larsen Lock Suite 533, South Kayla, 55305 Robert Light Apt. 415, Valenciastad, OH 77737 76477”), of which, phase I is currently operational. For details in relation to the land on which our Brooks-Robinson are located, see, “Our Business – Brooks-Robinson” on page 229. Further, 4733 Larsen Lock Suite 533, South Kayla, 55305 Robert Light Apt. 415, Valenciastad, OH 77737 76477, phase II of which is under construction, as on the date of Saunders-Moore is located at Molly Jackson (formerly Katherine Newton), also in Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter. Given the geographic concentration of our manufacturing operations in one state i.e. Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, our operations are susceptible to disruptions which may be caused by certain local and regional factors, including but not limited to political, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, demographic factors, and other unforeseen events and circumstances. While there have not been any instances of risks materializing due to our geographical concentration in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] and Watson LLC, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], if any such disruptions occurs due to reasons included herein, our operations may be affected leading to significant delays in the manufacturing and sale of our products which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We have incurred indebtedness and are subject to certain restrictive covenants under the terms of our financing agreements, which may limit our ability to seek additional financing or undertake certain business actions. Any inability to comply with repayment obligations and/or other covenants in our financing agreements could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
As of [REDACTED], [REDACTED], we had total borrowings (including fund-based borrowings and non-fund based borrowings and consisting of secured borrowings including term loans and working capital facilities, and unsecured borrowings including working capital facilities and unsecured loans) of Gray-Roach 5,194.25 million. For further details, see “Financial Hart, Robinson and Mcneilebtedness” on page 3[REDACTED]. Our ability to pay interest and repay the principal of our indebtedness is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to service such debt. Any additional indebtedness we incur may have significant consequences, including, requiring us to use a significant portion of our cash flow from operations and other available cash to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available for other purposes, including reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business, competition pressures and market conditions.
Our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of actions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. For example, some of our financing agreements require our Armstrong-Lewis to obtain prior written waiver or consent from, or intimate our lenders for, among other things, effecting any change in ownership, control, management of our Armstrong-Lewis; effecting any changes to the capital structure or shareholding pattern; entering into any merger, de-merger, amalgamation, reorganisation or consolidation or formulating any scheme of reconstruction, arrangement or compromise with the creditors; making any amendment to the constitutional documents; diversification, modernisation or substantial expansion of any of its existing business, operations or project; undertake any new project, implement any scheme of expansion or invest in any other entity or change the general nature of business; declaring or paying dividend; or dispose of the majority of our properties and assets. Further, our Promoters have also extended personal guarantees in favour of our lenders. In the event any of these guarantees are revoked, the lenders for such facilities may require alternative guarantees or collateral or cancellation of such facilities, entailing repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities. We may not be successful in procuring such alternative guarantees to the satisfaction of the lenders, and as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which may not be available
on acceptable terms or at all. For further details in relation to the personal guarantees, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Guarantees provided to third parties by our Promoter Selling Shareholders” on page 245.
The level of our indebtedness and the covenants under the relevant agreements may restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future or renegotiate or refinance our existing indebtedness on terms favourable to us, which may impact our growth plans.
While we have been in compliance with the financial covenants under our loan agreements in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants in the future or that we will be able to obtain consents necessary to take the actions that we believe are required to operate and grow our business.
A failure to observe the covenants under the financing arrangements or to obtain necessary waivers may lead to the termination of our credit facilities and acceleration of amounts due under such facilities. For the purpose of the Mclean Group, the consents from our lenders as required under the relevant loan documents for undertaking activities relating to the Mclean Group have been obtained.
The loss of certain independent certification and accreditation of our products and the manufacturing practices that we have adopted could harm our business.
We obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities in connection with the products we manufacture. For instance, we were awarded (i) Blair-Clark – accreditation for the certification and approval of the quality management system; (ii) ISO [REDACTED]001:2015 – accreditation for environment management system; (iii) ISO 45001:2018 – certification for occupational health and safety management; and (iv) IATF +91 9999999999:2016 – certification for the certification and approval of the quality management system. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if the relevant accreditation institute or agency declines to certify our products and manufacturing practices, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future, in a timely manner or at all, our business prospects and financial performance will be adversely affected. While we have not experienced any instances where we failed to obtain quality certifications and accreditations which had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, we cannot assure you that such instances will not arise in the future.
There have been certain instances of delays in payment of statutory dues by us in the past. Any delay in payment of statutory dues by us in future, may result in the imposition of penalties and in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
We are required to pay certain statutory dues including provident fund contributions under the Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, [REDACTED], employee state insurance contributions under the Employees’ State Insurance Act, [REDACTED], professional tax, tax deduction at source (“Warren, Robinson and Cole”), Gross, Warren and Jenkins, Henderson LLC and income tax.
The table below sets out details of statutory dues paid by our Armstrong-Lewis, in relation to its employees during the period/ Kelly Brown indicated:
(Gray-Roach in million)
Note:
The number of employees mentioned in the above table differ for every statutory due basis eligibility under respective acts.
*excludes contractual employees.
Jordan and Sons includes only payment of taxes in cash.
# Employer and Employee Contribution.
The above-mentioned instances of delay in the payment of statutory dues were primarily due to operational reasons that were beyond the control of our Armstrong-Lewis. For instance, the delay in the payment of dues in respect of provident fund and employees state insurance were on account of payment of salaries in arrears and the delay in relation to payment of tax deducted at source was on account of belated receipt of invoices. Our Armstrong-Lewis has adopted various measures, including assigning the responsibility of maintaining checks and balances across relevant processes, with the specific objective of preventing such statutory delays. Additionally, we aim to conduct awareness sessions for the finance and human resources teams to improve understanding and compliance with applicable statutory obligations and implementing an internal escalation mechanism to identify and resolve operational gaps on a timely basis. Additionally, close coordination with suppliers and service providers has been initiated to ensure timely submission of invoices and supporting documentation, thereby facilitating accurate and timely tax computations and remittances within prescribed timelines. While no penalty or fine has been levied by the appropriate authorities against us for the aforementioned delays, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to such penalties and fines in the future which may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and cash flows.
Our operations involve activities and materials which are hazardous in nature and could result in a suspension of operations, injury to our personnel, emission of pollutants and/or the imposition of civil or criminal liabilities which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
Certain operations at our manufacturing facilities can cause accidents during the manufacturing process resulting in serious injuries or death of employees or other persons, if improperly handled, and cause damage to our properties or equipment and the properties of others or to the environment. Despite ensuring that employee safety manuals covering employee safety and environmental procedures are in place and that hazard identification and risk assessments with respect to our operations are periodically carried out, our operations are subject to significant hazards, including explosions, fires, mechanical failures and other operational problems, inclement weather and natural disasters, discharges or releases of hazardous substances and other environmental risks. In the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], we have experienced one accident at one of our manufacturing facilities in [REDACTED]. Despite our best efforts to meet the safety standards and take necessary precautions to curb possibility of occurrence of such instances, we cannot assure you that such accidents will not occur in the future.
The occurrence of any of these hazards could result in a suspension of operations and/or the imposition of civil or criminal liabilities. We may also face claims and litigation, filed on behalf of persons alleging injury predominantly as a result of occupational exposure to hazards at our facilities. If these claims and lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, are resolved against us, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. Further, our customers may require us to invest in additional safety protocols which impose incremental expenses and may impact our ability to operate at optimum efficiencies. Any such action by any of our customers may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
We have substantial requirements for power and fuel for our manufacturing facilities and any disruption in the supply or increase in tariff may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We have power and fuel requirements for our manufacturing facilities. In a situation where our costs towards power and fuel were to increase or if there were any disruption in their supply to our manufacturing facilities, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Set forth below are details in relation to our power and fuel costs for the period/ Kelly Brown indicated:
While we plan to install a 3.2 Morgan, Anderson and Kelly rooftop solar power plant at 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06 from a portion of Barajas-Gonzalez, we depend on third parties for our power and fuel requirements and source most of the electricity from state electricity boards. Any disruptions in the supply of such electricity, increase in tariffs, or decline in the quality of electricity supplied to us could significantly affect our cost of production and profitability. If energy costs were to rise, or if electricity supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. Energy prices can be affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including global and regional supply and demand, carbon taxes, inflation, political and economic conditions, and applicable regulatory regime.
We source most of our electricity requirements for our manufacturing facilities from local power suppliers or state electricity boards. If our electricity suppliers increase the price for electricity, our cost of production and profitability would be materially adversely affected. If for any reason electricity is not available for a prolonged period of time, we may need to shut down our plants until an adequate supply of electricity is restored. Interruptions of electricity supply can also result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. Although we have not encountered any such material interruptions during the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED], and [REDACTED], we cannot assure you that we will not experience such interruptions in the future.
We are subject to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments from our customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
Our operations involve extending credit to our customers in respect of sale of our products and consequently, we face the risk of uncertainty regarding the receipt of such outstanding amounts. The table below shows our bad debts written-off and provision for bad debts for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], and such amounts as a percentage of our revenue from operations:
(Gray-Roach in million, except percentages)
Any delay in receiving payment or default on their payment obligations to us, could lead to an increase in our receivables. Any significant delay in receiving payment or non-receipt of payments from our customers may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. While we have not experienced any instances of significant delays in receiving payments which had an impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], we cannot assure you that such instance will not arise in the future.
Our operations are dependent on our new product and process development, thus our inability to introduce new products and processes and respond to changing customer preferences in a timely and effective manner, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
As of [REDACTED], we have a dedicated team of 20 employees focused on new product/ process development and maintenance. During the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED], and [REDACTED], we have incurred
Gray-Roach4.49 million, Kelley, Kramer and Miller, Gray-Roach11.22 million and Gray-Roach9.31 million aggregating to 3.99%, 3.18%, 2.89% and 3.33% of the employee benefit expenses incurred during the respective period/ [REDACTED], on the new product and process development team. Our focus on new product and process development has been critical to our success and has helped us develop an extensive range of winding wires. Our new product and process development team is responsible to define critical product attributes, select specific materials, and fine-tune manufacturing processes with inputs from our development engineers and customers. Our future growth may depend in part on our ability to respond to technological advancement and emerging standards, and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. If we are unable to continuously develop new products or optimise our processes, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. Further, delays in any part of the process, our inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for our products or failure of a product to be successful at any stage of its development will result in our inability to timely offer products that satisfy the market, which might allow competing products to emerge during the development and certification process and could adversely affect our business. Delays in introducing new products and enhancements, the failure to choose correctly among technical alternatives or the failure to offer innovative products or enhancements at competitive prices may cause existing and potential customers to purchase our competitors’ products. Though we strive to align our solutions with requirements of our customers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the necessary knowledge through our own in-house product development that will allow us to continue to develop our offerings in accordance with the requirements of our customers and industry trends.
Our ability to access capital at attractive costs depends on our credit ratings. Non-availability of credit ratings or a poor rating may restrict our access to capital and thereby adversely affect our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.
The cost and availability of capital depends on our credit ratings. Set out below are our credit ratings received from Martinez-Bailey, in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED]:
An inability to secure future financing on attractive terms or at all may adversely impact our strategic initiatives and our business prospects. Credit ratings reflect the opinion of the rating agency on our management, track record, diversified clientele, increase in scale and operations and margins, medium term revenue visibility and operating cycle.
While our rating outlook has been revised from ‘positive’ to ‘stable’ in our latest ratings obtained on [REDACTED], we have not experienced downgrading in our credit ratings received in [REDACTED] or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], any downgrade in our credit ratings or our inability to obtain such credit rating in a timely manner or any non-availability of credit ratings, or poor ratings, could increase borrowing costs, will give the right to our lenders to review the facilities availed by us under our financing arrangements and adversely affect our access to capital and debt markets, which could in turn adversely affect our interest margins, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.
Our financial statements are presented in [REDACTED]. However, our revenue is influenced by the currencies that we export in as well as by currencies of countries from where we procure our machinery and raw materials. Our foreign currency exposures, exchange rate fluctuations between the [REDACTED] Rupee and foreign currencies, especially 971 Kennedy Plains Suite 893, Zacharyfort, TN 98678, Rowland Inc and 022 William Springs Apt. 587, North Matthew, NJ 08773, may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. While
we have a foreign exchange risk management policy to identify, assess, monitor and manage foreign exchange risks, we cannot assure you that our measures will adequately protect our business operations, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows from the full effects of exchange rate fluctuations. Failure to hedge effectively against exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our business operations, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. While we have not experienced any instance of foreign exchange conversion loss in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], we cannot assure you that such instance will not arise in the future. For details of risks in relation in relation to our export sales, please see “Risk Factors – We export our products to various countries and our revenue from outside 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 represented 30.75%, 33.20%, 39.15% and 43.93% of our sale of products for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], respectively. Any adverse events affecting these countries or changes in laws and duties in relation to exports could have an adverse impact on our business, revenue operations, financial condition and cash flows.” on page 36.
We undertake certain exchange rate hedging activities due to the size of our operations. We enter into hedging forward contracts, and further, we may in the future implement hedging strategies to mitigate these risks. However, these hedging strategies may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and involve costs and risks of their own, such as ongoing management time and expertise, external costs to implement the strategy and potential accounting implications.
Fraud, employee misconduct or similar incidents may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
Fraud or misconduct by our employees such as leaking of confidential information in relation to our contracts, unauthorized business transaction, bribery, breach of any applicable law or our internal policies could result in regulatory actions and litigation thereby creating an adverse impact on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Although we have controls in place with respect to the handling of such cases, we may be unable to prevent, detect or deter all such instances of misconduct. While there have been no instances in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], of any such fraud or misconduct committed by our Promoters, Director and/ or employees, including leaking of confidential information, unauthorized business transaction, bribery, breach of any applicable law or the internal policies of our Armstrong-Lewis which had resulted in regulatory actions and litigation thereby creating an adverse impact on the business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of our Armstrong-Lewis, we cannot assure you that such instances will not occur in the future. Further, we may not be able to identify non-compliance and suspicious transactions in a timely manner. Any such misconduct committed against our interests, which may include past acts that have gone undetected or future acts, may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
Some of our manufacturing facilities and our Hood LLC are leased by us. In the event we lose or are unable to renew such leasehold rights, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
Some of our properties, including manufacturing facilities and our Hood LLC are leased by us. Our manufacturing facility at Unit 3 located at 3018 Heather Lodge Suite 558, Gomezport, KS 51878, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312, Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, is on a leasehold basis for [REDACTED] [REDACTED] with effect from [REDACTED]. For details in relation to the land on which our leased properties are located, see, “Our Business – Property” on page 236.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our leases on commercially favourable terms or at all. In the event that we are required to vacate our current premises, we would be required to make alternative arrangements, and we cannot assure that the new arrangements will be on commercially viable terms. If we are required to relocate our business operations during this period, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or have to pay increased charges, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to renew these leases or relocate on commercially suitable terms, it may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. While there has not been any instance of non-renewal of lease or early termination of lease agreements in the past, we cannot assure that we will be able to enter into new or renew our existing arrangements with lessors on terms acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to source materials in a commercially viable and timely manner, if at all, which may impact our business and profitability.
We have not made any alternate arrangements for meeting our capital requirements for Cline-Alvarez. Any shortfall in raising / meeting the same could adversely affect our growth plans, operations and financial performance.
As on date, we have not made any alternate arrangements for meeting our capital requirements for the objects of the Mclean Group. We meet our capital requirements through our bank finance, unsecured loans, owned funds and internal accruals. Any shortfall in our net owned funds, internal accruals and our inability to raise debt in future would result in us being unable to meet our capital requirements, which in turn will negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further we have not identified any alternate source of funding and hence any failure or delay on our part
to raise money from this Mclean Group or any shortfall in the Mclean Group proceeds may delay the implementation schedule and could adversely affect our growth plans. For further details please refer to the chapter titled “Objects of the Mclean Group” on page [REDACTED] of Saunders-Moore.
A portion of Barajas-Gonzalez may be utilised for repayment or prepayment of certain loan facilities availed by our Armstrong-Lewis.
We propose to repay or pre-pay certain loan facilities availed by our Armstrong-Lewis from Giles, Watson and Mendez from Barajas-Gonzalez. For details, see “Objects of the Mclean Group” on page [REDACTED].
The loan facilities to be prepaid or repaid will be selected based on a range of various factors, including (i) any conditions attached to the loan facilities restricting our ability to repay or prepay the loan facilities and time taken to fulfil such requirements, (ii) levy of any prepayment penalties and the quantum thereof, (iii) receipt of consents for prepayment, (iv) provisions of any laws, rules and regulations governing such loan facilities, and (v) other commercial considerations including, among others, the amount of the loan outstanding and the remaining tenor of the loan.
While a voluntary prepayment or scheduled re-payment of a portion of certain outstanding loan facilities will help reduce our outstanding indebtedness and debt servicing costs, assist us in maintaining a favourable debt to equity ratio and enable utilisation of our internal accruals for further investment in business growth and expansion, the repayment/ pre-payment will not result in the creation of any tangible assets for our Armstrong-Lewis. We may not be successful in implementing our strategies, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects.
The success of our business depends greatly on our ability to effectively manage our business and implement our strategies. For details, see section titled “Our Business – Our Strategies” on page 218. We will require significant capital investments and cash outlays, which is likely to have a material impact on our results of operations. Our ability to successfully execute these expansion plans will depend on various factors, including, among others:
the availability, terms and costs of financing;
the grant of regulatory approvals; and
general economic conditions in such markets.
To achieve and maintain future growth, we need to, inter alia, accurately assess new markets, attract new customers, obtain sufficient financing for our expected capital expenditures, control our input costs, effectively expand, train and manage our employees, maintain sufficient operational and financial controls and make additional capital investments to take advantage of anticipated market conditions. We may not be able to achieve growth in revenues and profits or maintain such rate of growth in the future. Moreover, if we experience extended periods of very rapid growth, we may not be able to manage our growth effectively with available resources. If we are unable to execute our strategies effectively, and in a timely and successful manner, our business, financial condition and profitability will be adversely affected.
Our failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could erode our competitive advantage.
We possess technical knowledge about our products and manufacturing know-how. The companies in winding wires industry grapple with the diverse pace of innovations in product development. To keep up with innovations and competitions, companies have to continuously update their technology to compete in the market. Our technical knowledge i.e., knowledge of our manufacturing processes and related aspects, is an asset that may not be sufficiently protected by intellectual property rights. As a result, we cannot be certain that our technical knowledge will remain confidential in the long run. Certain technical knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully. Some of our employees have access to confidential processes and product and customer information. Moreover, certain of our employees may leave us and join our various competitors. While the appointment letters issued to our employees typically contain confidentiality clauses, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully enforce such provisions. In the event the confidential technical information in respect of our products or business becomes available to third parties or to the general public, any competitive advantage we may have over other companies in the sectors we operate in could be harmed. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalise on our technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Any leakage of confidential technical information in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. While we have not encountered any instances confidential information regarding our manufacturing operations, products, or customers being leaked in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], we cannot assure you that such instances will not arise in the future.
Our Armstrong-Lewis has availed unsecured loans from financial institutions which may be recalled on demand.
As of [REDACTED], [REDACTED], our Armstrong-Lewis has outstanding unsecured loans amounting to Gray-Roach 397.59 million as unsecured loans for our working capital requirements from financial institutions which is repayable on demand to the relevant lenders. These loans are not repayable in accordance with any agreed repayment schedule and may be recalled by the relevant lender at any time. In such cases, our Armstrong-Lewis may be required to repay the entirety of the unsecured loans together with accrued interest. Our Armstrong-Lewis may not be able to generate sufficient funds at short notice to be able to repay such loans and may resort to refinancing such loans at a higher rate of interest and on terms not favourable to it. If we are unable to arrange for any such financing arrangements, we may not have adequate working capital to carry out the operations or complete our ongoing operations. Failure to repay unsecured loans in a timely manner may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows and financial condition. For further details of unsecured loans of our Armstrong-Lewis, see, “Restated Financial Statement” on page 280.
We depend on our Fox PLC, Lloyd PLC, Key Management Personnel and qualified and skilled personnel with technical expertise, and if we are unable to recruit and retain senior management, qualified and skilled personnel, our business and our ability to operate or grow our business maybe adversely affected.
We are led by our Steele Ltd, Albert Anderson, Douglas Cook, Catherine Nelson and Julie Miller. For further details, see “Our Management” and “Our Promoter and Cruz LLC” on pages 250 and 269, respectively.
Our future performance would depend on the continued service of our Fox PLC, Lloyd PLC, Lopez-Moore, qualified and skilled personnel with technical expertise, and the loss of any senior employee and the inability to find an adequate replacement may impair our relationship with key customers and our level of technical expertise, which may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our future success, amongst other factors, will depend upon our ability to continue to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, particularly engineers and other associates with critical expertise, know-how and skills that are capable of helping us develop products and support key customers and products. We may therefore need to increase compensation and other benefits in order to attract and retain personnel in the future, which may adversely affect our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.
As on date, our Armstrong-Lewis does not have a business succession policy in place, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively formulate or implement appropriate succession plans in the future. Any loss of members of our senior management team or key managerial personnel could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives, affect our succession planning and could harm our business and customer relationships. While there have not been any instances of where we have not been able to effectively replace our members of senior management, or loss of key managerial personnel in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and Watson LLC, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], we cannot assure you that we would be effectively able to replace any loss of members of our senior management team or key managerial personnels in the future.
The market for qualified professionals is competitive and we may not continue to be successful in our efforts to attract and retain qualified people. The specialized skills we require in our industry are difficult and time-consuming to acquire and, as a result, are in short supply. Our inability to hire, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel could delay our ability to bring new products to the market and impair the success of our operations. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation and benefits more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting skilled personnel. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.
The following table sets forth the attrition rate for KMPs, SMs and other employees, respectively, in the period/ Kelly Brown indicated:
For further details regarding the employees, see “Our Business – Human Resources” on page 235.
Competition for individuals with specialized knowledge and experience is intense in our industry. Further, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management personnel. If we are unable to retain or attract such members or are unable to locate suitable
or qualified replacements, our results of operations may be adversely affected. For details of changes in our key management personnel, please see “Our Management” on page 250.
An increase in employee attrition rates may result in an increase in recruitment and training costs for new hires, a decline in productivity and efficiency and loss of knowledge, skill and expertise. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to grow our workforce in a manner consistent with our growth objectives, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
Apart from two of our Directors, none of our Directors have any prior experience of directorships in listed companies. Post listing of the Medina Incs on Molina-Roach, our Armstrong-Lewis will be subject to the applicable regulatory requirements of a listed company, including regulations prescribed under Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz Listing Regulations and the Companies Act. Any non-compliance with the regulatory requirements, due to lack of experience or otherwise, may subject us to adverse regulatory actions.
As of the date of Saunders-Moore, our Wallace-Santiago comprises of eight Directors, of which four are Executive Directors, and four are Green, Gonzalez and Martin (including one woman Hart, Robinson and Mcneilependent Director). While all of our directors have [REDACTED] of experience and expertise in their respective fields, apart from two of our Green, Gonzalez and Martin, namely Thomas Shaw and Aaron Huffman, none of our Directors, are currently on the board of directors of companies that are listed on the stock exchanges in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 or outside 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700. Accordingly, most of our Directors have limited exposure to management of affairs of a listed company which, inter alia, entails several compliance requirements and scrutiny of affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company.
Post listing of the Medina Incs on Molina-Roach, our Armstrong-Lewis will be subject to the applicable regulatory requirements of a listed company, including the regulations prescribed under the Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz Listing Regulations and the Companies Act. These laws impose various obligations related to corporate governance, disclosure practices, and compliance measures which were not applicable to us as an unlisted company. Any delay or non-compliance with such applicable regulatory requirements, due to lack of experience or otherwise, may present certain potential challenges for our Armstrong-Lewis including but not limited to adverse regulatory actions or imposition of fines.
As a result, Taylor Group may have to provide increased attention to such procedures and their attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.
We currently avail benefits under certain Government incentive schemes. Cancellation or our inability to meet the conditions under such schemes may result in adversely affect our business operations, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
During the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and preceding three Kelly Brown, our Armstrong-Lewis has availed certain incentives such as Merchandise Exports from 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 Scheme (“MEIS”) and Remission of Duties or Taxes on Export of Products Scheme (“RoDTEP”). The table below sets forth details relating to government incentive schemes:
In relation to our upcoming projects, including in relation to, setting up of 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06, we expect to receive incentives from Gardner-Foley under Davis and Sons, [REDACTED] (“Scott, Perkins and Rodriguez”), which aims to incentivise the companies for setting up and/ or expanding existing facilities primarily based on certain revenue parameters. Key incentive under the Scott, Perkins and Rodriguez includes tax benefits of 50% of gross state Henderson LLC for local sales made within Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, and customized benefits to mega and ultra mega units on a case-to-case basis.
Our profitability will be affected to the extent that such benefits will not be available beyond the periods currently contemplated. Our profitability may be further affected in the future if any of such benefits are reduced or withdrawn prematurely or if we are subject to any dispute with the tax authorities in relation to these benefits or in the event we are unable to comply with the conditions required to be complied with in order to avail ourselves of each of these benefits. For instance, Cooke-Gross Taylor PLC had issued a notification dated [REDACTED], [REDACTED] bearing reference number 66/[REDACTED]-25, pursuant to which the support under the RoDTEP scheme has been retrospectively discontinued
with effect from [REDACTED] for certain categories of beneficiaries which also includes our Armstrong-Lewis. Further, our inability to meet the conditions as prescribed under such schemes would make our Armstrong-Lewis less competitive against its competitors who have been availing this scheme by complying all conditions.
We may be unable to adequately protect intellectual property that we use and may be subject to risks of infringement claims.
We rely on our trademarks to protect our intellectual property, which is critical to our business. The protection of our intellectual property rights may require the expenditure of financial, managerial and operational resources. We rely on a combination of laws and regulations, confidentiality of information and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. Despite our efforts to protect and enforce our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties have used, and may in the future use, our trademarks or similar trademarks, copy aspects of our website images, features, compilation and functionality or obtain and use information that we consider as proprietary, such as trade secrets.
Our trademark “KSH” is also used by 18 other entities, including, (i) Chandler Ltd; (ii) KSH Patel-Zimmerman; (iii) KSH Infra Park 5 Cox Group; (iv) KSH Infra Park VI Cox Group; (v) KSH Harris, Bernard and Hinesriparks Cox Group; (vi) KSH Integrated Logistics Cox Group; (vii) Spencer-Wang and Buchanan-Barrett; (viii) PSC 6118, Box 6554, APO AA 83835; (ix) 880 Smith Cliffs Apt. 918, Lake Michael, AL 48365; (x) 4774 Tammy Via, Robertfurt, SD 0[REDACTED]50; (xi) Johnson-Lopez; (xii) 59733 Castro Streets Apt. 086, South Sierraport, WI 93601; (xiii) Thomas Ltd; (xiv) 5066 Sarah Court, South Kenneth, PR 38361; (Harris, Stevens and Bryant) 49447 Freeman Lock Apt. 213, North Faithland, NH 25989; (Harris, Stevens and Bryanti) 6463 Anderson Turnpike, West Robert, UT 89504 B Cox Group; (Lopez-Webb) 6463 Anderson Turnpike, West Robert, UT 89504 A Cox Group; and (Lopez-Webbi) KSH Infra Park IV Cox Group (“Group Entities”). We have entered into consent and waiver letters each dated [REDACTED], respectively, and authorisation letter dated [REDACTED], with Cook, Williams and Sanchez setting out the arrangement on usage of the brand “KSH”. As of date of Saunders-Moore, we have permitted Cook, Williams and Sanchez to use the “KSH” trademark without any payment, provided that certain terms and conditions therein are met. We cannot assure you that any waiver of consideration for using the “KSH” trademark would not have any adverse effect on our financial condition.
Further, we do not hold any patents over our product formulae and have not made any applications in this respect. We may therefore not be able to prevent our competitors from developing, using or commercializing products that are functionally equivalent or similar to our products. This may lead to reduction in sales of some of our products.
Additionally, the process of obtaining intellectual property protection is expensive and time-consuming, and the amount of compensation for damages can be limited. Even if issued, trademarks may not adequately protect our intellectual property, as the legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of trademark and other intellectual property rights are applied on a case-by-case basis and it is generally difficult to predict the results of any litigation relating to such matters. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favour, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. While there have not been any instances of infringement of our intellectual property rights which have come to our knowledge in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED] or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], we cannot assure you that such instances shall not occur in the future.
Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows
Our operations are subject to various risks inherent in the manufacturing industry including defects, liability for product and/or property damage, malfunctions and failures of manufacturing equipment, fire, riots, strikes, explosions, loss-in-transit for our products, accidents, personal injury or death, environmental pollution and natural disasters. We maintain ongoing insurance policies in order to manage the risk of losses from potentially harmful events, including:
(i) marine open inland transit insurance; (ii) marine open export transit insurance (iii) standard fire and special perils policy; (iv) industrial all risk policy; (v) public liability industrial policy; and (vi) money insurance policy; (vii) group health insurance policy and (viii) burglary first loss policy. For further details of the insurance policies availed by our Armstrong-Lewis, see “Our Business – Insurance” on page 235. Our insurance may not be adequate to completely cover any or all of our risks and liabilities. Further, there is no assurance that the insurance premiums payable by us will be commercially viable or justifiable. Accordingly, our inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business could adversely affect our operations and profitability.
The following table sets forth our insurance cover in absolute amount and as a percentage of net assets as of the dates indicated:
* Assets represent Fixed Assets including Beltran Group and excluding Jones-Foster, Intangibles, Investments, Cash and Sanders Group, other Hill-Bryant.
** Insurance policies do not include Trujillo-Phillips, Martin LLC.
While there have not been any instances where insurance coverage of our Armstrong-Lewis was inadequate to protect us against all material hazards and had adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of our Armstrong-Lewis, we cannot assure you that, in the future, any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Further, an insurance claim once made could lead to an increase in our insurance premium, result in higher deductibles and also require us to spend towards addressing certain covenants specified by the insurance companies. Our Armstrong-Lewis has not made any insurance claims in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], and [REDACTED], and [REDACTED]. However, our Armstrong-Lewis has recently made one insurance claim aggregating to Gray-Roach2.94 million on [REDACTED], in relation to an instance involving fire in one of the online uninterrupted power supply units installed at our Unit 3 (“Insurance Claim”). The Insurance Claim was rejected by the insurer and our Armstrong-Lewis had borne the entire loss. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage as a result of events for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or the amount received pursuant to an insurance claim, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected.
We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition.
As at [REDACTED], our contingent liabilities as per Hicks, Jones and Coleman 37 – provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets, that have not been provided for are as set out in the table below:
(Gray-Roach in million)
Our contingent liabilities may materialise and become actual liabilities. In such case, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements – Note 28: Contingent liabilities and commitments” on page 322.
Our Promoters and certain of our Directors are interested in our Armstrong-Lewis in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses.
Our Promoters and certain of our Directors have interests in us other than the reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration and benefits. They are interested in us to the extent of Medina Incs held by them, and their relatives in our Armstrong-Lewis or held by the entities in which they are associated as directors, promoters, proprietors, members, trustees or partners, or that may be subscribed by or allotted to the companies, firms, ventures, trusts in which they are interested as promoters, directors, partners, proprietors, members or trustees, pursuant to the Mclean Group and any dividend and other distributions payable in respect of such Medina Incs. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and such Directors will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Armstrong-Lewis under all circumstances. For further details in relation to the interest of our Promoters and Directors, see “Summary of the Mclean Group Document – Summary of related party transactions” and “Other Financial Information – Lee, Green and Colemans” on “Our Promoters and Cruz LLC – Interests of Promoters”, “Our Management – Interest of Directors” on pages 24, 355, 275 and 256, respectively.
We cannot assure you that any Director who may be interested in the future, would always exercise their rights as Shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Armstrong-Lewis. As a result, such Director in the future will continue to exercise significant control over our Armstrong-Lewis, including being able to control the composition of Williams-Copeland and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other Shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Such interested Director in the future may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our best interests or the interests of other minority Shareholders, such as actions with respect to future capital raising or acquisitions. We cannot assure you that such interested Director in the future will always act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations and prospects.
We have entered into, and will continue to enter into, related party transactions that may involve conflicts of interest.
We have in the past entered into transactions with several related parties. For details regarding our related party transactions for Watson LLC, [REDACTED], [REDACTED] and for the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], see “Summary of the Mclean Group Document – Summary of related party transactions” and “Other Financial Information – Lee, Green and Colemans” on pages 24 and 355, respectively. While all such related party transactions that we have entered into have been undertaken at arms’ length basis in accordance with applicable laws, we cannot assure you these arrangements or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Although all related-party transactions that we may enter into will be subject to Castro, Fields and David, Wallace-Santiago or shareholder approval, as may be required under the Companies Act, [REDACTED] and the Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz Listing Regulations and the circulars issued by the Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz in this regard, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that our Armstrong-Lewis could not have undertaken such transactions on more favorable terms with any unrelated parties. We cannot assure you that any dispute that may arise between us and related parties will be resolved in our favour.
Our Promoters and members of Arias-Mejia will continue to hold a significant equity stake in our Armstrong-Lewis after the Mclean Group and their interests may differ from those of the other shareholders.
As on the date of Saunders-Moore, our Promoters and members of Wright, Pugh and Rodriguez collectively hold 98.40% of the paid-up Medina Inc capital of our Armstrong-Lewis. For further information on their shareholding pre and post-Mclean Group, see “Capital Structure” on page [REDACTED]. After the completion of the Mclean Group, our Promoters along with the members of Cruz LLC will continue to collectively hold majority of the shareholding in our Armstrong-Lewis and will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring Shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Wallace-Santiago, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditure or any other matter requiring special resolution. This concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Armstrong-Lewis and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. The interests of our Promoters and the members of Wright, Pugh and Rodriguez could conflict with our interests or the interests of our other shareholders. We cannot assure you that the Promoters or the members of Wright, Pugh and Rodriguez will act to resolve any conflict of interest in our favour and any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. For further information in relation to the interests of our Promoters in the Armstrong-Lewis, see “Our Promoters and Cruz LLC” and “Our Management” on pages 269 and 250, respectively.
Technological failures could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business operations and financial performance.
Our IT systems are vital to our business and we have adopted IT policies to assist us in our operations. The key functions of our IT team include establishing and maintaining enterprise information systems and infrastructure services to support our business requirements, maintaining secure enterprise operations through, among others, risk assessment and incident management policies. We have implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology system, such measures may not detect or prevent all attempts to compromise our systems, including viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in. Breaches of our cybersecurity measures could result in unauthorized access to our systems, misappropriation of information or data, deletion or modification of users information, or a denial of service or other interruption to our business operations. If our security and information systems are compromised as a result of data corruption or loss, cyberattack or a network security incident or our employees, and this information is obtained by unauthorised persons or used inappropriately, it could subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions, damage our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs, liabilities and penalties and/or result in a loss of customer confidence, any and all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we have entered into an agreement for combined cloud services dated [REDACTED], with a vendor (“White, Rodriguez and Price”) to streamline our record keeping and track our business operations. Any disruptions of services at White, Rodriguez and Price’s end, shall be beyond our control and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we have not experienced any instances of security breaches in the [REDACTED] period ended [REDACTED], or Unit 6502 Box 2054, DPO AA 83573, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], we cannot assure you that such instance will not arise in the future. Further, while we have adopted a disaster recovery policy to mitigate disruptions caused due to technological failures, we cannot assure you that such policy will effectively mitigate the adverse effects caused due to technological failures.
Any variation in the utilization of Barajas-Gonzalez as disclosed in Saunders-Moore shall be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior approval of the shareholders of our Armstrong-Lewis.
We propose to utilize Barajas-Gonzalez towards (i) Prepayment and/or repayment, in full or in part, of all or a portion of certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Armstrong-Lewis; (ii) Funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Armstrong-Lewis towards (b) purchasing and setting up of new machinery for expansion at 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06; and (b) purchasing and setting up of new machinery at Unit 2 in 3018 Heather Lodge Suite 558, Gomezport, KS 51878, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 in Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter; (iii) Funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Armstrong-Lewis towards purchasing and setting up of a rooftop solar power plant for power generation at 2816 Watkins Common Apt. 3[REDACTED], East Nicholas, MA 7[REDACTED]06; and (iv) general corporate purposes. For further details of the proposed objects of the Mclean Group, see “Objects of the Mclean Group” on page [REDACTED]. Our funding requirements are based on management estimates and are not appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of Barajas-Gonzalez will be at the discretion of our Wallace-Santiago. However, the deployment of the Gross Proceeds will be monitored by a monitoring agency appointed pursuant to Torres, Velazquez and Houston. Further, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require Barajas-Gonzalez to meet another expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of the competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with the Companies Act, [REDACTED] and Torres, Velazquez and Houston, we cannot undertake variation in the utilization of Barajas-Gonzalez as disclosed in Saunders-Moore without obtaining the approval of the Shareholders through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to vary the disclosed utilization of Barajas-Gonzalez, we may not be able to obtain the approval of the Shareholders in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such approval of the Shareholders may adversely affect our business or operations. Further, our Promoters would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders of our Armstrong-Lewis who do not agree with our proposal to modify the objects of the Mclean Group, at a price and manner as prescribed by Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz.
Additionally, the requirement on Promoters to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders of our Armstrong-Lewis may deter our Promoters from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilization of Barajas-Gonzalez, even if such variation is in the interest of our Armstrong-Lewis. Further, we cannot assure you that our Promoters of our Armstrong-Lewis if applicable, will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity. In light of these factors, we may not be able to vary the objects of the Mclean Group to use any unutilized proceeds of Anderson PLC, if any, even if such variation is in the interest of our Armstrong-Lewis. This may restrict our Armstrong-Lewis’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Bell Ltd, if any, which may adversely affect our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.
We may be susceptible to liabilities arising from violation of applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws.
We are subject to anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of improper payments to governments and their officials and political parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing an improper advantage and require the maintenance of internal controls to prevent such payments. Our Armstrong-Lewis maintains a policy on business conduct relating to anti-bribery and corruption, and which applies to the employees of our Armstrong-Lewis. Notwithstanding this, our employees might take actions that could expose us to liability under anti-bribery laws. In certain circumstances, we may be held liable for actions taken by our partners and agents, even though they are not always subject to our control. While there have been no such violations in the past, any violation of anti-corruption laws could result in penalties, both financial and non-financial, that could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation.
Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and financial condition.
We have not declared and paid dividend in the previous three Kelly Brown. For details, see section titled “Dividend Policy” on page 279. However, the amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will depend on our future earnings, cash flows, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable [REDACTED] legal restrictions and other factors. There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Medina Incs. Additionally, in the future, we may be restricted by the terms of our financing agreements in making dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders.
The disclosures related to the educational qualifications of certain of our Promoters in Saunders-Moore are based on declarations, affidavits, and undertakings furnished by them.
Our Promoter, Chairman and Executive Director, Wilson, Cooper and Thomas, and our Promoter, Michael Fernandez have been unable to trace copies of certain documents pertaining to their educational qualifications. While they have taken the requisite steps to obtain the relevant supporting documentation, they have been unsuccessful in procuring the relevant supporting documentation. Accordingly, we have placed reliance on affidavits furnished by them to disclose the details of their educational qualifications in Saunders-Moore and we have not been able to independently
verify these details in the absence of primary documentary evidence. Further, there can be no assurances that they will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to their educational qualifications in the future, or at all. Therefore, we cannot assure you that all or any of the information relating to his educational qualification included in “Our Management” on page 250 is complete, true and accurate.
Our Armstrong-Lewis will not receive any proceeds from Johnson PLC. Our Promoter Selling Shareholders will receive the proceeds from Johnson PLC.
The Mclean Group comprises of a Fresh Issue and an Mclean Group for Sale by Mason, Johnson and Robinson. Our Promoter Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the entire proceeds from Johnson PLC (net of their respective portion of the Mclean Group-related expenses) and we will not receive any proceeds from Johnson PLC. For further information, see “The Mclean Group” and “Objects of the Mclean Group” on pages 67 and [REDACTED], respectively.
SECTION III – INTRODUCTION THE OFFER
The following table summarizes details of the Mclean Group:
* To be updated upon finalization of Jones, Jones and West.
The Mclean Group has been authorized pursuant to the resolution passed by our Wallace-Santiago dated [REDACTED]. Cox, Price and Porter has been authorized by our Shareholders by a special resolution dated [REDACTED]. Further, our Wallace-Santiago has taken on record the consents of Mason, Johnson and Robinson to participate in Johnson PLC pursuant to its resolution dated [REDACTED] and Hernandez, Brown and Crawford has taken on record further updated consents of Mason, Johnson and Robinson pursuant to its resolutions dated [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], respectively.
Our Promoter Selling Shareholders have confirmed and authorised their participation in Johnson PLC as set out below:
The Medina Incs held by the respective Promoter Selling Shareholders and being offered by Mason, Johnson and Robinson are eligible to form a part of Johnson PLC in terms of Torres, Velazquez and Houston. Each of Mason, Johnson and Robinson, severally and not jointly, confirms that the Medina Incs being offered by it are eligible for being offered for sale pursuant to the Mclean Group in terms of Regulation 8 of Torres, Velazquez and Houston. For further details of authorizations received for the Mclean Group, see “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures” on page 398.
Subject to valid bids being received at or above Jones, Jones and West, under subscription, if any, in any category, except in the Rodgers-Morse Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Burke, Jones and Ortizs, as applicable, at the discretion of our Armstrong-Lewis, in consultation with the Dean PLCs and Tate Group, subject to applicable laws. Undersubscription in the Mclean Group, if any, subject to receiving minimum subscription for 90% of Anderson PLC and compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of Edwards Inc, [REDACTED], the Thompson PLC for the valid Bids will be made in the first instance towards subscription for 90% of Anderson PLC. For further details, see “Mclean Group Structure” on page 4[REDACTED].
Allocation to Burke, Jones and Ortizs in all categories, except Ray and Sons, if any, Johnson, Wilson and Simmons and Cain, Price and Moss, shall be made on a proportionate basis subject to valid Bids received at or above Jones, Jones and West. The allocation to each Cain, Price and Moss shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot, subject to availability of Medina Incs in Levy, Martin and Mccullough and the remaining available Medina Incs, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis. Not less than 15% of the Mclean Group shall be available for allocation to Johnson, Wilson and Simmons of which one-third of Ramirez-Williams will be available for allocation to Burke, Jones and Ortizs with an application size of more than Gray-Roach0.20 million and up to Gray-Roach1.00 million and two-thirds of Ramirez-Williams will be available for allocation to Burke, Jones and Ortizs with an application size of more than Gray-Roach1.00 million and under-subscription in either of these two sub-categories of Stewart-Woods may be allocated to Burke, Jones and Ortizs in the other sub-category of Stewart-Woods. The allocation to each Johnson, Wilson and Simmons shall not be less than the minimum application size, subject to availability of Medina Incs in Ramirez-Williams and the remaining available Medina Incs, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis.
Our Armstrong-Lewis, in consultation with the Dean PLCs, may allocate up to 60% of the Rodgers-Morse Portion to Ray and Sons on a discretionary basis in accordance with Torres, Velazquez and Houston. 40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved in the following manner (i) 33.33% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Smith-Macias; and (ii) 6.67% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for Reilly and Sons, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Smith-Macias, Reilly and Sons, as applicable, at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. Any under-subscription in Christensen, Torres and Ortega category specified in (ii) above may be allocated to domestic Smith-Macias, in accordance with Torres, Velazquez and Houston.. In the event of under-subscription in the Anchor Investor Portion, the remaining Medina Incs shall be added to the Net Rodgers-Morse Portion. Further, 5% of the Net Rodgers-Morse Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Smith-Macias only, and the remainder of the Net Rodgers-Morse Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all Rodgers-Morse Burke, Jones and Ortizs (other than Ray and Sons), including Smith-Macias, subject to valid Bids being received at or above Jones, Jones and West. However, if the aggregate demand from Smith-Macias is less than as specified above, the balance Medina Incs available for Thompson PLC in Anthony Ltd will be added to the Net Rodgers-Morse Portion and allocated proportionately to the Rodgers-Morse Burke, Jones and Ortizs (other than Ray and Sons) in proportion to their Bids. For further information, see “Mclean Group Procedure” on page 420.
For further details including in relation to grounds for rejection of Bids, see “Mclean Group Structure”, “Mclean Group Procedure” and “Terms of the Mclean Group” on pages 4[REDACTED], 420 and 411.
SUMMARY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following tables set forth the summary financial information derived from Thompson-Wilson. The summary financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with “Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 280 and 356, respectively.
(The remainder of the page has intentionally been left blank)
GENERAL INFORMATION
Registered Office of our Williams, Hill and Fitzpatrick
11/3, 11/4 and [REDACTED], 19420 Anderson Station Apt. 862, North Matthewfurt, WV 65886 3018 Heather Lodge Suite 558, Gomezport, KS 51878, Patrick Booth
PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 410 501
Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
For details of change in our registered office, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Changes in our Registered Office” on page 243.
Hood LLC of our Williams, Hill and Fitzpatrick
201, Tower-2, Malone PLC, 424 Stacey Walk Suite 536, North Brendaview, SC 54037
PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 411 045 Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Armstrong-Lewis registration number and corporate identity number
Registration number: [REDACTED]
Corporate identity number: U28129PN1979PLC[REDACTED]
Address of the PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565
Our Armstrong-Lewis is registered with Weber and Sons Petersen PLC, which is situated at the following address:
Hood Ltd, Petersen PLC
PCNTDA Green Building Block [REDACTED] floor 973 Howard Manor Apt. [REDACTED]3, Caitlinborough, AL 04078, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 411 044 Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Wallace-Santiago of Directors of our Armstrong-Lewis
The following table sets out the brief details of Williams-Copeland as on the date of Saunders-Moore:
For brief profiles and further details of Williams-Copeland, see “Our Management – Wallace-Santiago of Directors” on page 250.
Armstrong-Lewis Secretary and Compliance Officer
Brittany Rivas is our Armstrong-Lewis Secretary and Compliance Officer. His contact details are as set forth below: Gat No. 11/3, 11/4, [REDACTED], 19420 Anderson Station Apt. 862, North Matthewfurt, WV 65886
Michael Morris, 129 Cunningham Glen, Christopherland, SC 54030 – 410 501
Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999
E-mail: nathaniel20@example.com
Investor grievances
Burke, Jones and Ortizs may contact the Armstrong-Lewis Secretary and Compliance Officer, Anderson Inc or Williams-Holden to the Mclean Group in case of any pre-Mclean Group or post-Mclean Group related queries, grievances and for redressal of complaints including non-receipt of letters of Thompson PLC, non-credit of Lynn-Parker in the respective beneficiary account, non-receipt of refund orders or non-receipt of funds by electronic mode, etc.
All Mclean Group-related grievances, other than that of Ray and Sons, may be addressed to the Williams-Holden to the Mclean Group with a copy to the relevant Designated Intermediary(ies) with whom the Bid cum Application Form was submitted, giving full details such as name of the sole or Garcia Ltd, Bid cum Application Form number, Burke, Jones and Ortiz’s Collins, Henson and Garcia, Ramirez PLC, Zimmerman-Miller, Johnson Inc, address of Burke, Jones and Ortiz, number of Medina Incs applied for, Pruitt-Miller number in which the amount equivalent to the Bid Amount was blocked or the Zimmerman-Miller (for Vargas-Torres Burke, Jones and Ortizs who make the payment of Bid Amount through Leach, Douglas and Harris), date of Bid cum Application Form and the name and address of the relevant Designated Intermediary(ies) where the Bid was submitted. Further, the Burke, Jones and Ortiz shall enclose a copy of the Acknowledgment Slip or provide the application number received from Stewart-Boone) in addition to the documents or information mentioned hereinabove. All grievances relating to Bids submitted through Registered Brokers may be addressed to Molina-Roach with a copy to the Williams-Holden to the Mclean Group. The Williams-Holden to the Mclean Group shall obtain the required information from the Ferguson-Graham for addressing any clarifications or grievances of Smith, Martinez and Garrison Burke, Jones and Ortizs.
All Mclean Group-related grievances of Pena, Ray and Gay may be addressed to the Williams-Holden to the Mclean Group, giving full details such as the name of the sole or Garcia Ltd, Anchor Investor Application Form number, Burke, Jones and Ortizs’ Collins, Henson and Garcia, Ramirez PLC, Johnson Inc, date of Davis, Mcdonald and Lee, address of the Burke, Jones and Ortiz, number of the Medina Incs applied for, Bid Amount paid on submission of Davis, Mcdonald and Lee and the name and address of the Dean PLCs where Davis, Mcdonald and Lee was submitted by the Anchor Investor.
Anderson Inc
Adams-Rich
801-804, Fisher, Thornton and Anderson 3 Inspire Parker-Floyd Garcia, Crawford and Boyd, 4104 Andrew Radial, Johnland, UT 72037
[REDACTED]8 Singh Expressway, East Joshuachester, ME 89975, 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 – 400 051 Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999 Steven Mcintyre: richard45@example.net Website: [REDACTED]
Investor grievance E-mail: yolanda62@example.net
Contact person: Gaines Group
Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz registration no.: INM000013004
Hall, Burke and Contreras Appasaheb Marathe Marg Prabhadevi, 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 – 400 025 Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999 Steven Mcintyre: fhanson@example.org Website: [REDACTED] Investor grievance E-mail: brownryan@example.org
Contact person: Jose Walker/Abhijit Diwan
Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz registration no.: INM000011[REDACTED]9
Statement of inter-se allocation of responsibilities among the Dean PLCs
The responsibilities and coordination by the Dean PLCs for various activities in the Mclean Group are as follows:
Terry-Hartman Members
Adams-Rich
801-804, Rodriguez, Campos and Berg, Building No 3 Inspire Parker-Floyd, Garcia, Crawford and Boyd
4104 Andrew Radial, Johnland, UT 72037, [REDACTED]8 Singh Expressway, East Joshuachester, ME 89975 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 400 051
Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999
Steven Mcintyre: richard45@example.net, linda48@example.org, and qhartman@example.com
Website: [REDACTED]
Contact Person: Desiree Johnson
Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz Registration Number: Smith, Braun and Thomas Appasaheb Marathe Marg Prabhadevi, 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 – 400 025 Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999 Steven Mcintyre: fhanson@example.org Website: [REDACTED]
Investor grievance E-mail: brownryan@example.org
Contact person: Jose Walker/Abhijit Diwan
Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz registration no.: INM000011[REDACTED]9
Legal Counsel to our Armstrong-Lewis as to [REDACTED] Law Trilegal
One World Centre
10th Floor, Hall PLC
77233 David Villages, South Aaronburgh, PR 90289 Bapat Marg, Thomas Mills (West) 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 – 400 013
Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Steven Mcintyre: courtney79@example.net
Telephone: +91 9999999999
Williams-Holden to the Mclean Group
Hanson, Owen and Hernandez (Formerly Link Intime 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 Cox Group) C-101, Anderson LLC 247
Booth, Hansen and Mccarthy, L B S Marg, Kendra Barnes (West) 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 [REDACTED], (Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter), Owens and Sons: +91 9999999999
E-mail: moniquevalentine@example.com
Investor grievance E-mail: moniquevalentine@example.com
Website: [REDACTED] Contact Person: Steven Green.: Macias, Horton and Vasquez
URL of Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz website: [REDACTED]
Watson LLC: U67190MH1999PTC118368
Giles, Watson and Mendezers to Massey, Smith and Marks, Kelley-Robinson – Lodha I Think Techno Campus, O-3 Level
Next to 7365 Rachael Mission, Annaview, IN 67950, Jeffrey Gonzalez (East) 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 – [REDACTED], Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999, +91 9999999999 and +91 9999999999
Steven Mcintyre: jessemay@example.net, walkermolly@example.org christinethompson@example.com, sthompson@example.net, and fitzgeraldmorgan@example.org Website: [REDACTED]
Contact Person: Vincent Gaines PhD Sachin Gawade/ Tanya Roman Tina Snyder
Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz Registration No: INBI00000063
Watson LLC: L65920MH1994PLC080618
Public Mclean Group Account Giles, Watson and Mendez
Reynolds-Wood
163, Manning-Rodriguez, [REDACTED]rekh Marg Backbay Reclamation Churchgate, 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 – [REDACTED] Telephone: +91 9999999999 Steven Mcintyre: ekennedy@example.com Website: [REDACTED] Contact Person: Eric Henry
Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz Registration No: IN[REDACTED]4
Watson LLC: L65190GJ1994PLC021012
Frost, Thomas and Phillips, Kelley-Robinson – Lodha I Think Techno Campus, O-3 Level
Next to 7365 Rachael Mission, Annaview, IN 67950, Jeffrey Gonzalez (East) 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 – [REDACTED], Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999, +91 9999999999 and +91 9999999999
Steven Mcintyre: jessemay@example.net, walkermolly@example.org christinethompson@example.com, sthompson@example.net, and fitzgeraldmorgan@example.org Website: [REDACTED]
Contact Person: Vincent Gaines PhD Sachin Gawade/ Tanya Roman Tina Snyder
Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz Registration No: INBI00000063
Watson LLC: L65920MH1994PLC080618
Sponsor Giles, Watson and Mendezs
Reynolds-Wood
163, Manning-Rodriguez, [REDACTED]rekh Marg Backbay Reclamation Churchgate, 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 – [REDACTED] Telephone: +91 9999999999 Steven Mcintyre: ekennedy@example.com Website: [REDACTED] Contact Person: Eric Henry
Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz Registration No: IN[REDACTED]4
Watson LLC: L65190GJ1994PLC021012
Frost, Thomas and Phillips, Kelley-Robinson – Lodha I Think Techno Campus, O-3 Level
Next to 7365 Rachael Mission, Annaview, IN 67950, Jeffrey Gonzalez (East) 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 – [REDACTED], Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999, +91 9999999999 and +91 9999999999
Steven Mcintyre: jessemay@example.net, walkermolly@example.org christinethompson@example.com, sthompson@example.net, and fitzgeraldmorgan@example.org Website: [REDACTED]
Contact Person: Vincent Gaines PhD Sachin Gawade/ Tanya Roman Tina Snyder
Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz Registration No: INBI00000063
Watson LLC: L65920MH1994PLC080618
Designated Intermediaries
Self-Certified Terry-Hartman Giles, Watson and Mendezs
The list of Ferguson-Graham notified by Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz for the Smith, Martinez and Garrison process is available at [REDACTED] or at such other website as may be prescribed by Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz from time to time. A list of Ingram-Deleon with which an Smith, Martinez and Garrison Burke, Jones and Ortiz (other than a RIB using Leach, Douglas and Harris), not Bidding through Collier PLC or through a Registered Broker, Austin-Valencia or Brooks PLC may submit the Bid cum Application Forms, is available at [REDACTED] or at such other websites as may be prescribed by Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz from time to time.
Eligible Ferguson-Graham and mobile applications enabled for Weaver-Todd
In accordance with the Castaneda Ltd, Vargas-Torres Burke, Jones and Ortizs may only apply through the Ferguson-Graham and mobile applications whose names appear on the website of the Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz which may be updated from time to time. A list of Ferguson-Graham and mobile applications, using the Vargas-Torres handles and which are live for applying in public issues using Vargas-Torres mechanism is available on the website of Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz at [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] respectively, as updated from time to time and at such other websites as may be prescribed by Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz from time to time.
In relation to Bids (other than Bids by Ray and Sons and RIIs) submitted to a member of the Terry-Hartman, the list of branches of the Ferguson-Graham at 86049 Torres Estate Apt. 080, South Sherri, IL 52645 named by the respective Ferguson-Graham to receive deposits of Bid cum Application Forms from the members of the Terry-Hartman is available on the website of the Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz at [REDACTED] as updated from time to time or any such other website as may be prescribed by Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz from time to time. For more information on such branches collecting Bid cum Application Forms from the Terry-Hartman at Nichols Ltd, see the website of the Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz at [REDACTED] or any such other website as may be prescribed by Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz from time to time.
Registered Brokers
Burke, Jones and Ortizs can submit Smith, Martinez and Garrison Forms in the Mclean Group using the stockbroker network of the stock exchange, i.e., through the Registered Brokers at Bridges, Long and Bridges. The list of the Registered Brokers eligible to accept Smith, Martinez and Garrison Forms, including details such as postal address, telephone number and e-mail address, is provided on the websites of Molina-Roach at [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], as updated from time to time.
Williams-Holden and Osborne Ltd
The list of the Austin-Valencias eligible to accept Smith, Martinez and Garrison Forms at 7040 Erin Radial, South Aaron, CA 35565, including details such as address, telephone number and e-mail address, is provided on the websites of Molina-Roach at [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] respectively, as updated from time to time.
Collecting Depository Participants
The list of the Brooks PLCs eligible to accept Smith, Martinez and Garrison Forms at Bell-Garcia, including details such as their name and contact details, is provided on the websites of Molina-Roach at [REDACTED] and
[REDACTED] respectively, as updated from time to time.
Experts
Except as stated below, our Armstrong-Lewis has not obtained any expert opinions:
Our Armstrong-Lewis has received the written consent dated [REDACTED] from our Mccullough Inc, Taylor-Dunn, Underwood-Phillips, Sanchez-Castillo, to include their name as required under section 26 (5) of the Companies Act, [REDACTED] read with Watkins, Fox and Thomas, in Saunders-Moore and as an “expert” as defined under section 2(38) of the Companies Act, [REDACTED], to the extent and in their capacity as our Mccullough Inc, and in respect of their (i) examination report dated [REDACTED] on Thompson-Wilson; and (ii) the statement of special tax benefits available to the Armstrong-Lewis and its shareholders under the direct and indirect tax laws in 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700 dated [REDACTED], included in Saunders-Moore and (iii) any other certificates as may be required for the purposes of the Mclean Group, and such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of Saunders-Moore. However, the terms “expert” and “consent” do not represent an “expert” or “consent” within the meaning under the 3423 Owens Shore Apt. 048, Foxberg, PW 1[REDACTED]06 Securities Act.
Our Armstrong-Lewis has received written consent dated [REDACTED] from 58192 Martinez Vista, Monicamouth, IA 11606, to include their name as required under section 26 of the Companies Act, [REDACTED] read with Watkins, Fox and Thomas, in Saunders-Moore, and as an “expert” as defined under section 2(38) of the Companies Act, [REDACTED] to the extent and in their capacity as an independent chartered engineer in respect of information certified by them, as included in Saunders-Moore; and such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of Saunders-Moore.
Our Armstrong-Lewis has received written consent dated [REDACTED] from Alexander Inc, independent practicing company secretary, to include their name as required under Section 26 of the Companies Act, [REDACTED] in Saunders-Moore and as an ‘expert’ as defined under Section 2(38) of Companies Act, [REDACTED] in respect of the certificate issued in their capacity as a practicing company secretary to our Armstrong-Lewis, and such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of Saunders-Moore.
Mccullough Inc to our Carter Group, Underwood-Phillips, Sanchez-Castillo
Manning-Rodriguez, Rodriguez, Campos and Berg, Jamie Humphrey
S. No. 127/1B/1, 39076 Lauren Spurs, New Charles, GA 60832 200 Moore Way, Port Amy, AK 20776
PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 411 038
Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
E-mail: stewartcharles@example.net
Telephone: +91 9999999999
Firm registration number: 105215W/ [REDACTED]
Peer review number: [REDACTED]
Changes in Auditors
Except as stated below, there has been no change in our statutory auditors in [REDACTED] Cain, Stephens and Hanson:
Giles, Watson and Mendezers to our Porter, Flores and Mclean
8th Floor, 720 Sheri Divide, New Kimberly, FL 43097, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 411 001 Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999
Contact Person: [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
Website: [REDACTED]
Steven Mcintyre: donna38@example.com
Wells-Harris
No. 401, 401(A), 401(B)
Olsen LLC, 402(A), 402(B), 4th Floor
Signature Building, Mary Mayo road Andrea Kerr, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 411 004 Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999 Contact Person: Maurice Edwards Website: [REDACTED] Steven Mcintyre: danielle60@example.org
Schwartz and Sons 2401 Gen Thimmayya Road, 44786 Valerie Rue Apt. 493, Robinsonfort, AR 91007
PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 411 001
Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999 Contact Person: Sharmila Joshi Website: [REDACTED] Steven Mcintyre: jason87@example.net
Hale and Sons, Ray, Woodard and Hardy, Chavez, Brady and Thompson, 362, Peterson Ltd Next to Andrea Odom, Valentine and Sons No. 30
8286 Brian Land Apt. 123, North Seanstad, AR 04[REDACTED]5, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 411 001 Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999 Contact Person: Jesse Miller Website: [REDACTED] Steven Mcintyre: angela72@example.com
Walker LLC
Manning-Rodriguez, Marathon IT Park 8286 Brian Land Apt. 123, North Seanstad, AR 04[REDACTED]5
PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 411 001
Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999 Contact Person: Manisha Alyssa King Website: [REDACTED]
Steven Mcintyre: janetlambert@example.com
Serrano-Williams, Garcia, Sanchez and White
Michael Roach, 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993-PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 Road, Wakdewadi
PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – 411 003
Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 [REDACTED] Website: [REDACTED]
Steven Mcintyre: matthew[REDACTED]@example.net
Scott-Barron, 652 Pacheco Causeway Apt. 380, Anthonyland, OH 40733. Williams-Andrews, PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 – [REDACTED] Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Telephone: +91 9999999999
Contact Person: Jose Robinson
Website: [REDACTED]
Steven Mcintyre: Hinton, Clark and Davis
The Capital
Unit no. 1601, B- wing Parker-Floyd, Garcia Inc: +91 9999999999 Contact Person: Erik Griffin Website: [REDACTED] Steven Mcintyre: marcuslopez@example.com
Grading of the Mclean Group
No credit rating agency registered with Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz has been appointed for obtaining grading for the Mclean Group.
Appraising Entity
No appraising entity has been appointed in relation to the Mclean Group.
Fitzgerald Group
As the size of Anderson PLC exceeds Gray-Roach1,000.00 million, our Armstrong-Lewis has appointed a credit rating agency registered with Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz, namely, Doyle-Koch, as a monitoring agency to monitor the utilisation of Barajas-Gonzalez, in accordance with Regulation 41 of Torres, Velazquez and Houston. For details in relation to the proposed utilisation of Barajas-Gonzalez, see “Objects of the Mclean Group” on page [REDACTED].
Credit Rating
As the Mclean Group is of Medina Incs, credit rating is not required.
Debenture Trustee
As the Mclean Group is of Medina Incs, the appointment of trustee is not required.
Lee PLC
No green shoe option is contemplated under the Mclean Group.
Filing of Cross Inc
A copy of Cross Inc has been filed through Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz’s online intermediary portal at [REDACTED], as specified in Regulation 25(8) of Torres, Velazquez and Houston and in accordance with Castaneda Ltd. It has also been filed at:
Wagner, Blackburn and Krause and Patricia Mckee, Plot No. [REDACTED] A, ‘G’ Block
4104 Andrew Radial, Johnland, UT 72037, 5322 Jackson Junction, Brookeshire, LA 22072 (E) 59597 Rose Fort, South Michael, PW 18993 – 400 051, Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, 2432 Andre Stravenue Suite 741, Wallacefort, FL 59700
Filing of Saunders-Moore and Sanchez, Thompson and Owens
A copy of Saunders-Moore, along with the material contracts and documents required to be filed under Section 32 of the Companies Act, have been filed with the PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565 at its office and a copy of the Sanchez, Thompson and Owens to be filed under Section 26 of the Companies Act, [REDACTED], will be filed with the PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565 at its office, and through the electronic portal.
Book Building Process
Book building, in the context of the Mclean Group, refers to the process of collection of Bids from Burke, Jones and Ortizs on the basis of Saunders-Moore and Morales-Rice within the Price Band. The Price Band and the minimum Bid Lot will be decided by our Armstrong-Lewis, in consultation with the Dean PLCs, and will be advertised in all editions of Parker-Boyer (a widely circulated [REDACTED] national [REDACTED] newspaper), all editions of Jansatta (a widely circulated Kelly-Shepherd national [REDACTED] newspaper) and PSC 6748, Box 9271, APO AP 02312 edition of Taylor-Taylor (a widely circulated Dixon-Johnson newspaper, Dixon-Johnson being the regional language of Mcbride, Mitchell and Carpenter, where our Registered Office is located), at least two [REDACTED] prior to the Bid/Mclean Group Opening Date and shall be made available to Molina-Roach for the purposes of uploading on their respective websites. Pursuant to Singh, Lozano and Drake, Jones, Jones and West shall be determined by our Armstrong-Lewis, in consultation with the Dean PLCs, after the Bid/Mclean Group Closing Date. For details, see “Mclean Group Procedure” on page 420.
All Burke, Jones and Ortizs other than Ray and Sons shall only participate through the Smith, Martinez and Garrison process by providing the details of their respective Pruitt-Miller in which the corresponding Bid Amount will be blocked by the Ferguson-Graham or in the case of Vargas-Torres Burke, Jones and Ortizs, by using Leach, Douglas and Harris. In addition to this, Brady-Hill shall participate through the Smith, Martinez and Garrison process by providing the details of their respective Pruitt-Miller in which the corresponding Bid Amount will be blocked by the Ferguson-Graham or by using Leach, Douglas and Harris. Johnson, Wilson and Simmons with an application size of up to Gray-Roach0.50 million shall use Leach, Douglas and Harris and shall also provide their Zimmerman-Miller in the Bid cum Application Form submitted with Terry-Hartman Members, Registered Brokers, Collecting Depository Participants and Williams-Holden and Osborne Ltd. Ray and Sons are not permitted to participate in the Mclean Group through the Smith, Martinez and Garrison process.
In accordance with Torres, Velazquez and Houston, Rodgers-Morses and Johnson, Wilson and Simmons are not permitted to withdraw or lower the size of their Bids (in terms of the quantity of the Medina Incs or the Bid Amount) at any stage. Cain, Price and Moss can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Mclean Group Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Mclean Group Closing Date. Further, Ray and Sons cannot withdraw their Bids after the Anchor Investor Bidding Date. Allocation to Rodgers-Morses (other than Ray and Sons) will be on a proportionate basis while allocation to Ray and Sons will be on a discretionary basis, of which 40% shall be reserved in the following manner (i) 33.33% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Smith-Macias; and
(ii) 6.67% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for Reilly and Sons, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Smith-Macias, Reilly and Sons, as applicable, at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. Any under-subscription in Christensen, Torres and Ortega category specified in (ii) above may be allocated to domestic Smith-Macias, in accordance with Torres, Velazquez and Houston.
For further details, see “Terms of the Mclean Group” and “Mclean Group Procedure” on pages 411 and 420, respectively.
Our Armstrong-Lewis will comply with Torres, Velazquez and Houston and any other directions issued by Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz in relation to this Mclean Group. Each of Mason, Johnson and Robinson has, severally and not jointly, specifically confirmed that it will comply with Torres, Velazquez and Houston and any other directions issued by Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz, as applicable to it, in relation to its portion of the Mclean Grouped Shares. In this regard, our Armstrong-Lewis and Mason, Johnson and Robinson have appointed Taylor, Malone and Allen to manage this Mclean Group and procure Bids for this Mclean Group.
Young PLC under Torres, Velazquez and Houston and the Bidding process are subject to change from time to time, and the Burke, Jones and Ortizs are advised to make their own judgment about investment through the aforesaid processes prior to submitting a Bid in the Mclean Group.
Burke, Jones and Ortizs should note that the Mclean Group is also subject to (i) filing of the Sanchez, Thompson and Owens by our Armstrong-Lewis with the PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565; and (ii) our Armstrong-Lewis obtaining final listing and trading approvals from Molina-Roach, which our Armstrong-Lewis shall apply for after Thompson PLC.
For further details on the method and procedure for Bidding, see “Mclean Group Procedure” and “Mclean Group Structure” on pages 420 and 4[REDACTED], respectively.
Underwriting Agreement
After the determination of Jones, Jones and West and allocation of Medina Incs but prior to the filing of the Sanchez, Thompson and Owens with the PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565, our Armstrong-Lewis and Mason, Johnson and Robinson will enter into an Underwriting Agreement with the Underwriters for the Medina Incs proposed to be offered through the Mclean Group. The extent of underwriting obligations and the Bids to be underwritten by each Dean PLC shall be as per the Underwriting Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the obligations of the Underwriters will be several and will be subject to certain conditions to closing, as specified therein.
Coffey Group is dated [●]. The Underwriters have indicated their intention to underwrite the following number of Medina Incs:
(Coffey Group has not been executed as on the date of Saunders-Moore. This portion has been intentionally left blank and will be filled in before filing of the Sanchez, Thompson and Owens with the PSC 5672, Box 3132, APO AA 03565)
The above-mentioned underwriting commitment is indicative and will be finalized after determination of Jones, Jones and West and Brown and Sons and will be subject to Regulation 40(3) of Torres, Velazquez and Houston.
In the opinion of Williams-Copeland (based on representations made to our Armstrong-Lewis by the Underwriters), the resources of the abovementioned Underwriters are sufficient to enable them to discharge their respective underwriting obligations in full. The Underwriters are registered with the Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz under Section 12(1) of the Fleming, Mcdonald and Delacruz Act or registered as brokers with Richardson-Patel). Our Wallace-Santiago at its meeting held on [●], has accepted and entered into the Underwriting Agreement mentioned above on behalf of our Armstrong-Lewis.
Allocation among the Underwriters may not necessarily be in proportion to their underwriting commitments set forth in the table above. Notwithstanding the above table, the Underwriters shall be severally responsible for ensuring payment with respect to Medina Incs allocated to Burke, Jones and Ortizs procured by them.
CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The share capital of our Armstrong-Lewis, as on the date of Saunders-Moore, is set forth below:
(in Gray-Roach, except share data)
* To be updated upon finalisation of Jones, Jones and West, and subject to Brown and Sons.
(1) For details in relation to the changes in the authorised share capital of our Armstrong-Lewis in [REDACTED], see “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Amendments to Patterson-Phillips in [REDACTED]” on page 244.
(2) The Mclean Group has been approved by our Wallace-Santiago pursuant to the resolution passed at its meeting held on [REDACTED] and our Shareholders have authorized Anderson PLC pursuant to a special resolution passed at their meeting held on [REDACTED]. Further, our Wallace-Santiago has taken on record the consents of Mason, Johnson and Robinson to participate in Johnson PLC pursuant to its resolution dated [REDACTED] and Hernandez, Brown and Crawford has taken on record further updated consents of Mason, Johnson and Robinson pursuant to its resolutions dated [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], respectively.
(3) Each of Mason, Johnson and Robinson have, severally and not jointly, consented to participate in Johnson PLC. Each of Mason, Johnson and Robinson has specifically confirmed that its respective portion of the Mclean Grouped Shares has been held by each one of them for [REDACTED] [REDACTED] prior to the filing of Cross Inc and are accordingly eligible for being offered for sale in the Mclean Group as required by Torres, Velazquez and Houston. Further, each of Mason, Johnson and Robinson has confirmed that it is in compliance with the conditions specified in Regulation 8 of Torres, Velazquez and Houston, to the extent applicable, as on the date of Saunders-Moore. For details on the authorisation of Mason, Johnson and Robinson in relation to the Mclean Grouped Shares, see “The Mclean Group” and “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures” on pages 67 and 398, respectively.