(Please scan this QR Code to view this Red Herring Prospectus)
RED HERRING PROSPECTUS
Dated December 10, 2025
Please read section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013
100% Book Built Offer
KSH INTERNATIONAL LIMITED CORPORATE IDENTITY NUMBER: U28129PN1979PLC141032
(1) Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, may consider participation by Anchor Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
(2) The UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5:00 p.m. on Bid/Offer Closing Day.
RED HERRING PROSPECTUS
Dated December 10, 2025 Please read section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013
100% Book Built Offer
KSH INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Our Company was originally incorporated as “Bhandary Metal Extrusion Private Limited” under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, pursuant to a certificate of incorporation dated July 30, 1979, issued by the Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Bombay. Subsequently, the name of our Company was changed from “Bhandary Metal Extrusion Private Limited” to “KSH International Private Limited” pursuant to a resolution dated June 1, 1996 passed by our Board and a resolution dated June 24, 1996 passed by our shareholders, post which a fresh certificate of incorporation dated July 4, 1996 was issued by Registrar of Companies Maharashtra at Mumbai pursuant to change of name under the Companies Act, 1956. Further, pursuant to a special resolution passed by our Shareholders on January 13, 2011 which was confirmed by an order of the regional director dated August 16, 2011, the registered office of our Company was shifted from the jurisdiction of Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Mumbai to the jurisdiction of the Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Pune, and a certificate of registration of the order of regional director confirming transfer of the registered office within the same state was issued to us on October 13, 2011, by the RoC. On the conversion of our Company from a private limited company to a public limited company, pursuant to a resolution passed by our Board on December 11, 2024 and a special resolution passed by our Shareholders on December 19, 2024, the name of our Company was changed to “KSH International Limited” and a fresh certificate of incorporation was issued by the Registrar of Companies, Central Processing Centre on January 20, 2025. For further details of changes in the registered office of our Company, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters- Change in our registered office” on page 243.
Corporate Identity Number: U28129PN1979PLC141032
Registered Office: 11/3, 11/4 and 11/5, Village Birdewadi, Chakan Taluka - Khed, Pune – 410 501, Maharashtra, India;
Corporate Office: 201, Tower 2, Montreal Business Centre, Off Pallod Farms, Baner, Pune – 411 045, Maharashtra, India;
Contact Person: Sarthak Malvadkar, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer; Telephone: + 91 20 4505 3237;
E-mail: cs.connect@kshinternational.com; Website: www.kshinternational.com
(1) Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, may consider participation by Anchor Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
(2) The UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5:00 p.m. on Bid/Offer Closing Day.
SECTION I - GENERAL 2
DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS 2
CERTAIN CONVENTIONS, USE OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND MARKET DATA AND CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION 15
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 18
SUMMARY OF THE OFFER DOCUMENT 20
SECTION II: RISK FACTORS 28
SECTION III – INTRODUCTION 67
THE OFFER 67
SUMMARY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 69
GENERAL INFORMATION 74
CAPITAL STRUCTURE 84
DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS
This Red Herring Prospectus uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, or unless otherwise specified, shall have the meaning as provided below, and references to any legislation, act, regulation, rules, guidelines or policies shall be to such legislation, act, regulation, rule guidelines or policy as amended from time to time and any reference to a statutory provision shall include any subordinate legislation made from time to time under that provision. Further, the Offer related terms used but not defined in this Red Herring Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms under the General Information Document. In case of any inconsistency between the definitions given below and the definitions contained in the General Information Document (as defined below), the definitions given below shall prevail.
Unless the context otherwise indicates, all references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “the Company”, and “our Company”, are references to KSH International Limited, a company incorporated on July 30, 1979 under the Companies Act, 1956 and having its Registered Office at 11/3, 11/4 and 11/5, Village Birdewadi, Chakan Taluka - Khed, Pune – 410 501, Maharashtra, India and its Corporate Office at 201, Tower 2, Montreal Business Centre, Off Pallod Farms, Baner, Pune – 411 045, Maharashtra, India.
The words and expressions used in this Red Herring Prospectus but not defined herein, shall have, to the extent applicable, the meanings ascribed to such terms under the Companies Act, the SEBI Act, the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SCRA, SCRR, and the Depositories Act, as amended.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, terms in “Main Provisions of the Articles of Association”, “Statement of Special Tax Benefits”, “Industry Overview”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India”, “History and Certain Corporate Matters”, “Basis for the Offer Price”, “Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities”, “Financial Information” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 441, 134, 137, 238, 243, 124, 438, 280 and 388, respectively, will have the meaning ascribed to such terms in those respective sections.
General Terms
Company Related Terms
Offer Related Terms
Conventional and General Terms and Abbreviations
Technical and Industry Related Terms
Key Financial and Operating Metrics used in this Red Herring Prospectus
CERTAIN CONVENTIONS, USE OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND MARKET DATA AND CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION
Certain Conventions
All references in this Red Herring Prospectus to “India” are to the Republic of India and its territories and possessions and all references herein to the “Government”, “Indian Government”, “GoI”, “Central Government” or the “State Government” are to the Government of India, central or state, as applicable. All references herein to the “US”, “USA”, the “U.S.” or the “United States” are to the United States of America and its territories and possessions. All references herein to “EU” are to the European Union and its territories and possessions. All references herein to “Sweden” are to Sweden and its territories and possessions.
Unless indicated otherwise, all references to page numbers in this Red Herring Prospectus are to page numbers of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Financial Data
Our Company’s financial year commences on April 1 of the immediately preceding calendar year and ends on March 31 of that particular calendar year and accordingly, all references to a particular financial year or fiscal are to the 12-month period commencing on April 1 of the immediately preceding calendar year and ending on March 31 of that particular calendar year. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to a year in this Red Herring Prospectus are to a calendar year and references to a Fiscal/Fiscal Year are to the year ended on March 31, of that calendar year. Certain other financial information pertaining to our Group Companies are derived from their respective audited financial statements.
Unless indicated otherwise or the context requires otherwise, the financial information and financial ratios in this Red Herring Prospectus have been derived from the Restated Financial Statements. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” on page 280.
The restated financial information of our Company comprising the restated statements of assets and liabilities as on and for the three months period ended June 30, 2025 and for the years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the restated statements of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the restated statements of cash flow, the restated statements of changes in equity, the summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory information and other financial information, including the annexures, notes and schedules thereto, for the three-months period ended June 30, 2025, and for the years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, prepared in terms of the requirements of Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Companies Act, SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by ICAI, as amended from time to time and the Indian Accounting Standards as specified under Section 133 of the Act and other accounting principles generally accepted in India.
There are significant differences between Ind AS, Indian GAAP, US GAAP and IFRS. Our Company does not provide reconciliation of its financial information to IFRS or US GAAP. Our Company has not attempted to explain those differences or quantify their impact on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus and it is urged that you consult your own advisors regarding such differences and their impact on our Company’s financial data. For details in connection with risks involving differences between Ind AS, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, see “Risk Factors – Significant differences exist between Indian accounting standard (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles, such as international financial reporting standards (“IFRS”) and United States generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”), which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition.” page 60. The degree to which the financial information included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting policies and practices, the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting policies and practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. Further, any figures sourced from third-party industry sources may be rounded off to other than two decimal points to conform to their respective sources.
In this Red Herring Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between the total and the sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding off. All figures in decimals have been rounded off to the second decimal and all percentage figures have been rounded off to two decimal places. In certain instances, discrepancies in any table between the sums of the amounts listed in the table and totals are due to rounding off.
Further, any figures sourced from third party industry sources may be rounded off to other than to the second decimal to conform to their respective sources.
Any percentage amounts, as set forth in “Risk Factors”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” on pages 28, 211 and 356, respectively, and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus, unless otherwise stated or context requires otherwise, have been derived from Restated Financial Statements or non-GAAP financial measures as described below.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Certain measures included in this Red Herring Prospectus, for instance EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, Net Debt, Return on Capital Employed, Return on Equity, and other non- GAAP measures (the “Non-GAAP Measures’’), presented in this Red Herring Prospectus are supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP. Furthermore, these Non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net profit/loss, revenue from operations or any other performance measures derived in accordance with Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP or as an alternative to cash flow from operations or as a measure of our liquidity. Further, these Non-GAAP Measures and other statistical and other information relating to operations and financial performance should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the years/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. In addition, these Non-GAAP Measures and other statistical and other information relating to operations and financial performance, are not standardised terms and may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore, may not be comparable to financial measures of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Further, they may have limited utility as a comparative measure. Although such Non-GAAP financial measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us as they are widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating performance. For further information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations – Non-GAAP Measures – EBITDA (excluding other income) and Adjusted EBITDA” on page 380.
Industry and Market Data
Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this Red Herring Prospectus has been obtained or derived from the report titled “Industry Research Report on Magnet Winding Wires Market in India” dated November 26, 2025 (“CARE Report”), prepared by CARE Analytics and Advisory Private Limited (“CareEdge Research”), which has been prepared exclusively for the purpose of understanding the industry in connection with the Offer and commissioned and paid for by our Company, pursuant to the engagement letter dated December 2, 2024. The CARE Report is available on the website of our Company at the following weblink: https://kshinternational.com/investor-relations/industry-report/. Further, CareEdge Research, pursuant to their consent letter dated November 26, 2025 (“Letter”) has accorded their no objection and consent to use the CARE Report. CareEdge Research, pursuant to their Letter, has also confirmed that it is an independent agency and has no conflict of interest issuing the CARE Report, and confirmed that it is not related, either directly or indirectly, to our Company, our Directors, our Promoters (including the Promoter Selling Shareholders), our Key Managerial Personnel, our Senior Management, our Group Companies or the Book Running Lead Managers.
Industry publications generally state that the information contained in such publications has been obtained from publicly available documents from various sources believed to be reliable but accuracy, completeness relevance of such information shall be subject to the disclaimers, context and underlying assumptions of such sources. The data used in these sources may have been reclassified by us for the purposes of presentation and may also not be comparable. The excerpts of the CARE Report are disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus and there are no parts, information, data (which may be relevant for the proposed Offer), left out or changed in any manner. The extent to which the industry and market data presented in this Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful and depends upon the reader’s familiarity with, and understanding of, the methodologies used in compiling such information. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which our Company conducts business and methodologies, and assumptions may vary widely among different market and industry sources. Such information involves risks, uncertainties and numerous assumptions and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in “Risk Factors – Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus contain information from the CARE Report which has been commissioned by us and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in this Offer is subject to inherent risks.” on page 40. Accordingly, no investment decision should be solely made on the basis of such information.
In accordance with the disclosure requirements under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the section titled “Basis for the Offer Price” on page 124 includes information relating to our listed peer group companies. Such information has been derived from publicly available sources specified therein, but their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed, and their reliability cannot be assured. Accordingly, no investment decisions should be based solely on such information.
The extent to which the industry and industry data used in this Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful depends on the reader’s familiarity with and understanding of the methodologies used in compiling such data. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which the business of our Company is conducted, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources.
Currency and Units of Presentation
All references to:
“Rupees” or “INR” or “₹” or “Rs.” are to Indian Rupees, the official currency of the Republic of India;
“U.S $”, “U.S. Dollar”, “USD” are to United States Dollars, the official currency of the United States of America;
‘EUR’, ‘Euro’ and ‘€’ are to the official currency of the European Union; and
“SEK” are to Swedish Krona, the official currency of Sweden.
All the figures in this Red Herring Prospectus, except for figures derived from the CARE Report (which are in million or billion), have been presented in million or in whole numbers where the numbers have been too small to present in million unless stated otherwise. One million represents 1,000,000 and one billion represents 1,000,000,000 and one trillion represents 1,000,000,000,000. In certain instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numbers may not conform exactly to the total figure given, and (ii) the sum of the figures in a column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row. However, figures sourced from third-party industry sources may be expressed in denominations other than million or may be rounded off to other than two decimal points in the respective sources, and such figures have been expressed in this Red Herring Prospectus in such denominations or rounded-off to such number of decimal points as provided in such respective sources.
Time
All references to time in this Red Herring Prospectus are to Indian Standard Time.
Exchange Rates
This Red Herring Prospectus may contain conversions of certain other currency amounts into Indian Rupees that have been presented solely to comply with the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. These conversions should not be construed as a representation that such currency amounts could have been, or can be converted into Indian Rupees, at any particular rate, or at all.
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information with respect to the exchange rate between the ₹and the respective foreign currencies:
(in ₹)
Source: FBIL Reference Rate as available on www.fbil.org.in. and www.oanda.com/bvi-en/ Notes:
The exchange rates are rounded off to two decimal places.
In the event that any of the aforementioned date is a public holiday, the previous calendar day not being a public holiday has been considered.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Red Herring Prospectus contains certain statements which are not statements of historical fact and may be described as “forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking statements include statements which can generally be identified by words or phrases such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “are likely”, “believe”, “continue”, “can”, “could”, “expect”, “estimate”, “intend”, “may”, “likely”, “objective”, “plan”, “project”, “propose”, “will continue”, “seek to”, “shall”, “should”, “will achieve”, “will likely”, “will pursue” or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe the strategies, objectives, plans or goals of our Company are also forward-looking statements. All statements regarding our expected financial conditions, results of operations, business plans and prospects are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements as to our business strategy, plans, revenue, and profitability (including, without limitation, any financial or operating projections or forecasts) and other matters discussed in this Red Herring Prospectus that are not historical facts. However, these are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are based on our current plans, estimates and expectations and actual results may differ materially from those suggested by such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions about us that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statement. This may be due to risks or uncertainties associated with our expectations with respect to, but not limited to, regulatory changes pertaining to the industries we cater and our ability to respond to them, our ability to successfully implement our strategies, our growth and expansion, technological changes, our exposure to market risks, general economic and political conditions in India and globally, which have an impact on our business activities or investments, the monetary and fiscal policies of India, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the performance of the financial markets in India and globally, changes in domestic laws, regulations and taxes, changes in competition in our industry and incidence of any natural calamities and/or acts of violence.
Certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not lim ited to, the following:
Reliance on our key customers;
Reliance on our key suppliers;
Price and availability of primary raw materials i.e. copper and aluminium, and insulating materials such as enamel and paper;
Reliance on the power sector (generation, transmission and distribution) industry;
Reliance on the sale of our key product segment i.e., specialized magnet winding wires;
Delay in or inability of the vendors to provide the equipment in a timely manner in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for certain of our proposed objects of the Offer;
Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption, slowdown or shutdown of our manufacturing facilities;
Any delays or cost overruns in the completion of the construction of the Supa Facility;
Product defect issues or failure by us or our raw materials suppliers to comply with the strict quality standards and requirements applicable to our business operations; and
Reliance on exports and any change in law, regulations and policies of foreign jurisdictions where we sell our products or plan to sell our products.
For further details of factors that could cause our actual results to differ from the expectations, see “Risk Factors”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” on pages 28, 211 and 356, respectively. By their nature, certain market risk disclosures are only estimates and could be materially different from what actually occurs in the future. As a result, actual future gains or losses could materially be different from those that have been estimated. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus and are not a guarantee of future performance. These statements are based on our management’s belief and assumptions, which in turn are based on currently available information. Although we believe that the assumptions on which such statements are based are reasonable, any such assumptions as well as statements based on them could prove to be inaccurate and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. Neither our Company, our Directors, the Promoter Selling Shareholders, BRLMs, nor the Syndicate Members or any of their respective affiliates have any obligation to update or otherwise revise any statements reflecting circumstances arising after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of underlying events, even if the underlying assumptions do not come to fruition.
In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company will ensure that investors in India are informed of material developments pertaining to our Company from the date of this Red Herring Prospectus until the time of the grant of listing and trading permissions by the Stock Exchanges for the Offer. In accordance with the requirements of the SEBI and as prescribed under the applicable law, our Promoter Selling Shareholders, in respect of statements made by them in this Red Herring Prospectus, severally and not jointly, shall ensure (through our Company and the Book Running Lead Managers) that the Bidders are informed of material developments in relation to statements specifically confirmed or undertaken by them in this Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus until the time of the grant of listing and trading permission by the Stock Exchanges for the Offer, with respect to their Offered Shares. Only the statements and undertakings which are specifically confirmed or undertaken by each of the Promoter Selling Shareholders about or in relation to themselves as Promoter Selling Shareholders and their respective portion of the Offered Shares, in this Red Herring Prospectus shall be deemed to be statements and undertakings made by such Promoter Selling Shareholder.
SUMMARY OF THE OFFER DOCUMENT
This section is a general summary of certain disclosures included in this Red Herring Prospectus and is not exhaustive, nor does it purport to contain a summary of all the disclosures in this Red Herring Prospectus or all details relevant to prospective investors. This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the sections “Risk Factors”, “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Capital Structure”, “The Offer”, “Restated Financial Statements”, “Objects of the Offer”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 28, 211, 137, 84, 67, 280, 106, 356, 388, respectively of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Primary business of our Company
We are the third largest manufacturer of magnet winding wires in India in terms of production capacity in Fiscal 2025 (Source: CARE Report). We are also the largest exporter of magnet winding wires from India in terms of export revenues in Fiscal 2025 (Source: CARE Report). Our key products include round enamelled copper/ aluminium magnet winding wires, paper insulted rectangular copper/ aluminium magnet winding wires, continuously transposed conductors, rectangular enamelled copper/ aluminum magnet winding wires and bunched paper insulated copper magnet winding wires. Our products are critical components of capital goods such as transformers, motors, alternators and generators.
For further details, see “Our Business” on page 211.
Summary of industry in which our Company operates
As per the CARE Report, the electric wires and cables market in India is experiencing robust growth, fueled by a confluence of factors that are reshaping the industrial and technological landscape of the nation. Electric wires and cables play a pivotal role in supporting various industries, including electrical equipment, telecommunications, motor vehicles, and construction. India's electric wires and cables market was valued at USD 19.68 billion in CY24, reflecting a CAGR of 6.08% from CY19 to CY24. The market is projected to reach USD 29.85 billion by CY28, expanding at a CAGR of 10.98% from CY24 to CY28.
For further details, see “Industry Overview” on page 137.
Our Promoters
Kushal Subbayya Hegde, Pushpa Kushal Hegde, Rajesh Kushal Hegde, Rohit Kushal Hegde, Rakhi Girija Shetty, Dhaulagiri Family Trust, Everest Family Trust, Makalu Family Trust, Broad Family Trust, Annapurna Family Trust, Kanchenjunga Family Trust and Waterloo Industrial Park VI Private Limited are the Promoters of our Company.
For further details, see “Our Promoters and Promoter Group” on page 269.
The Offer
The following table summarizes the details of the Offer:
The Offer has been authorized pursuant to the resolution passed by our Board dated May 6, 2025 and the Fresh Issue has been authorized by our Shareholders pursuant to a special resolution passed on May 6, 2025.
Each of the Promoter Selling Shareholders, severally and not jointly, confirms that its portion of the Offered Shares are eligible for being offered for sale in terms of Regulation 8 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Each Promoter Selling Shareholder has, severally and not jointly, consented to the sale of its portion of the Offered Shares in the Offer for Sale. For further details on the authorisation of the Promoter Selling Shareholders in relation to the Offered Shares, see “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Authority for the Offer” on page 398.
The Offer shall constitute [●]% of the post-Offer paid-up equity share capital of our Company. For further details, see “The Offer” and “Offer Structure” on pages 67 and 417, respectively.
Objects of the Offer
The Net Proceeds are proposed to be utilised towards the following Objects:
(₹ in million)
(1) To be finalised upon determination of the Offer Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC. The amount utilised for general corporate purposes shall not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds.
For further information, see “Objects of the Offer” on page 106.
Aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters, the members of our Promoter Group, the Promoter Selling Shareholders of our Company
The aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters, the members of our Promoter Group and Promoter Selling Shareholders as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is set out below:
*Also, the Promoter Selling Shareholder.
**The number is negligible and below the rounding off norms adopted by our Company.
^Subject to completion of the Offer and finalisation of the Basis of Allotment.
For further details, see “Capital Structure” on page 84.
Aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters, members of our Promoter Group and the additional top 10 Shareholders of our Company
The aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters, members of our Promoter Group and additional top 10 Shareholders (apart from Promoters and members of our Promoter Group) as a percentage of the pre-Offer and post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company is set out below:
^Subject to completion of the Offer and finalisation of the Basis of Allotment.
** The number is negligible and below the rounding off norms adopted by our Company.
*Also, the Promoter Selling Shareholder
For further details, see “Capital Structure” on page 84.
Summary of selected financial information
The details of certain financial information as at and for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, as derived from the Restated Financial Statements are set forth below:
(₹ in million, except per share data)
*Not annualised for period ended June 30, 2025. Notes:
Net worth means the aggregate value of the paid up share capital of the Company and all reserves created out of profits and securities premium account and debit or credit balance of profit and loss account, after deducting the aggregate value of the accumulated losses, miscellaneous expenditure not written off, as per the restated balance sheet, but does not include reserves created out of revaluation of assets, capital reserve, foreign currency translation reserve, write-back of depreciation as at period /year end, as per Restated Financial Statements of Assets and Liabilities of the Company.
Earnings per Equity Share (Basic) = restated profit attributable to the equity holders / weighted average number of equity shares.
Earnings per Equity Share (Diluted) = restated profit attributable to the equity holders / weighted average number of equity shares adjusted for the effects of dilution.
Basic EPS and Diluted EPS calculations are in accordance with Indian Accounting Standard 33 ‘Earnings per Share’. The Split of Equity Shares and Bonus Issue are retrospectively considered for the computation of weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period, in accordance with Ind AS 33.
Net Asset Value per Equity share is calculated as Equity attributable to owners of the Company / Net Worth divided by Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year as adjusted for Split of Equity Shares and Bonus Issue.
Total borrowings are computed as current borrowings plus non-current borrowings.
For further details, see “Restated Financial Statements” on page 280.
Qualifications of the Statutory Auditors which have not been given effect to in the Restated Financial Statements
There are no qualifications included by the Statutory Auditors in their audit reports and hence no effect is required to be given in the Restated Financial Statements.
Summary of outstanding litigations
A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Company, our Directors, our Promoters, our KMPs and Senior Management in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Materiality Policy as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, is provided below:
* To the extent quantifiable.
# Determined in accordance with the Materiality Policy. Notes:
Certain of our KMPs including, Kushal Subbayya Hegde, Rajesh Kushal Hegde, Rohit Kushal Hegde and Rakhi Girija Shetty are also our Executive Directors. Hence, litigation against our Executive Directors have not been included under the heading of KMPs to avoid repetition.
Certain of our SMs including, Sandesh Bhagwat, CEO, Amod Joshi, CFO, Sarthak Malvadkar, CS and Compliance Officer, and Ganesh Prasad, Technical Director, are also our KMPs. Hence, litigation against our KMPs have not been included under the heading of SMs to avoid repetition.
Further, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding litigation involving our Group Companies which may have a material impact on our Company.
For further details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on page 388.
Risk Factors
Specific attention of Bidders is invited to the section “Risk Factors” on page 28. Bidders are advised to read the risk factors carefully before taking an investment decision in the Offer. Set forth below are the top 10 risk factors applicable to our Company:
For further details, see “Risk Factors” on page 28.
Summary of contingent liabilities
The following is a summary table of our contingent liabilities as at the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, as derived from the Restated Financial Statements:
(₹ in million)
For details, see “Restated Financial Statements – Note 28: Contingent liabilities and commitments” on page 322.
Summary of related party transactions
The summary of related party transactions, as per the requirements under Ind AS 24 – ‘Related Party Disclosures’, entered into by us for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, as derived from the Restated Financial Statements are as set out in the table below:
(₹ in million)
#Information relating to remuneration does not include provision for gratuity, which is provided on an overall actuarial valuation, as separate amounts are not available for respective Key Managerial Personnel. Remuneration paid at actual basis is considered for above computation.
For further details, see “Restated Financial Statements – Note 31: Related Party Transaction” on page 331.
Financing arrangements
There have been no financing arrangements whereby our Promoters, members of our Promoter Group, our Directors and their relatives (as defined under Companies Act, 2013) have financed the purchase by any other person of securities of our Company (other than in the normal course of the business of the financing entity) during a period of six months immediately preceding the date of the Draft Red Hering Prospectus and this Red Herring Prospectus.
Weighted average price at which the specified securities were acquired by our Promoter and the Promoter Selling Shareholders in the last one year preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus
The weighted average price at which the specified securities were acquired by our Promoters and the Promoter Selling Shareholders in the last one year preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is given below:
Note: Number of Equity shares and cost of acquisition has been adjusted for subsequent sale/transfers made based on the average cost of the acquisition.
*Also, the Promoter Selling Shareholder
# Pursuant to a resolution passed by the Board and Shareholders of the Company dated February 10, 2025 and February 11, 2025, respectively, the face value of the equity shares was sub-divided from ₹100 per equity share to ₹5 per Equity Share. Further, pursuant to a resolution dated February 11, 2025 passed by our Shareholders, the Company approved the issue of bonus shares which were allotted on February 21, 2025
(1) As certified by Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditors, by way of their certificate dated December 10, 2025.
Weighted average cost of acquisition of all shares transacted in last one year, 18 months and three years preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus
The weighted average price for all equity shares acquired in the last one year, eighteen months and three years preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is mentioned below:
* As certified by Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditors, by way of their certificate dated December 10, 2025.
** To be updated in the Prospectus.
# Impact of bonus and sub-division of shares have been taken only on transactions that have been transacted during the last 1 year, trailing 18 months and last 3 years.
Average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters and the Promoter Selling Shareholders
The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters and the Promoter Selling Shareholders as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, is as set forth below:
Note: Number of Equity shares and cost of acquisition has been adjusted for subsequent sale/transfers made based on the average cost of the acquisition.
** As certified by Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditors, by way of their certificate dated December 10, 2025.
* Also, Promoter Selling Shareholders.
Details of price at which specified securities of our Company were acquired by our Promoters, members of the Promoter Group, Promoter Selling Shareholders and Shareholders with the right to nominate Directors or any other special rights in the three years preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus
Except as stated below, none of our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group, Promoter Selling Shareholders and Shareholders with right to nominate directors or other special rights have acquired any Equity in the three years immediately preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus:
# As certified by Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditors, by way of their certificate dated December 10, 2025.
* Also, a Promoter Selling Shareholder.
& Shareholder entitled with right to nominate directors or any other rights
^ Bonus shares issued in the ratio of 4:1.
Secondary Transfer of Equity Shares of face value of ₹5 each in the form of Gifts
Details of pre-IPO placement
Our Company has not undertaken any pre-IPO placement between the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and the date of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Issue of equity shares of our Company for consideration other than cash in the last one year
Except as disclosed in “Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure – Shares issued for consideration other than cash or by way of a bonus issue” on page 90, our Company has not issued any equity shares for consideration other than cash in the one year preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Split or consolidation of equity shares in the last one year
Pursuant to a resolution passed by our Board dated February 10, 2025 and a resolution passed by our Shareholders dated February 11, 2025, the face value of the equity shares was split from ₹100 per equity share to ₹5 per Equity Share. Accordingly, the authorised share capital of our Company, being 4,000,000 equity shares of ₹100 each was split into 80,000,000 Equity Shares of ₹5 each, and the issued, subscribed and paid-up equity share capital of our Company, being 568,182 equity shares of
₹100 each was split into 1,13,63,640 Equity Shares of ₹5 each. For further details, please see “Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our Company” on page 85.
Exemption from complying with any provisions of securities laws, if any, granted by the SEBI
Our Company has not applied for or received any exemption by SEBI from complying with any provisions of securities laws including the SEBI ICDR Regulations, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus.
SECTION II: RISK FACTORS
An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described in this section are those that we consider to be the most significant to our business, results of operations and financial condition as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. The risks described below may not be exhaustive or the only ones relevant to us, the Equity Shares or the industry segments in which we currently operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may arise or may become material in the future. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. The risk factors have been presented below on the basis of their materiality. Furthermore, some events may be material collectively rather than individually. Some events may not be material at present but may have a material impact in the future. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved. Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of purchasing our Equity Shares.
In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India”, “Restated Financial Statements”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 137, 211, 238, 280, 356 and 388, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus.
This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For more details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 18.
Unless otherwise stated, or unless the context otherwise requires, the financial information of our Company used in this section has been derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus on page 280. Our financial year ends on March 31 of each year. Accordingly, references to “Fiscal 2025”, “Fiscal 2024” and “Fiscal 2023”, “Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023” or “financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023” are to the 12-month period ended March 31 of the relevant year.
We have also included various financial and operational performance indicators in this Red Herring Prospectus, some of which have not been derived from the Restated Financial Statements. The manner of calculation and presentation of some of these financial and operational performance indicators, and the assumptions and estimates used in such calculations, may vary from those used by other companies in India and other jurisdictions.
Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this section has been obtained or derived from the report titled “Industry Research Report on Magnet Winding Wires Market in India” dated November 26, 2025 (“CARE Report”), prepared and issued by Care Analytics and Advisory Private Limited pursuant to an engagement letter dated December 2, 2024, and exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. The industry-related information included herein includes excerpts from the CARE Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CARE Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. The CARE Report will be available on the website of our Company from the date of this Red Herring Prospectus until the Bid/Offer Closing Date. For more information, see “Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation” on page 15.
INTERNAL RISKS
We depend on certain customers for a significant portion of our revenue from operations. Our top 10 customers contributed to 53.97%, 52.54%, 57.10% and 58.99% of our revenue from operations for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Any decrease in demand from such customers, the loss of such customers or our inability to diversify our customer base could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
We have derived a significant portion of our revenue from operations from our top 10 customers. The table below sets forth details of our revenue from operations generated from top 10 customers in each of the period/ Fiscals indicated:
The table below sets forth the revenue derived from each of our top 10 customers, for the period/ Fiscals indicated:
* These customers represent the top 10 customers for each of the respective periods/ Fiscals and may not necessarily be the same customers across the periods/ Fiscals.
Note: Our top 10 customers include Al-Ahleia Switchgear Co., Bharat Bijlee Limited; CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited; Emirates Transformer & Switchgear Limited; Georgia Transformer Corporation; Nidec Industrial Automation India Private Limited; Transformers & Rectifiers (India) Limited; and Virginia Transformer Corporation. Names of other customers who form part of our top 10 customers during the periods/ Fiscals included above, have not been included in this Red Herring Prospectus due to non-receipt of consent from such customers to be named in the Offer Documents.
We had 122, 117 and 117 customers during the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023, respectively. Further, during the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, we invoiced 93 customers. Since a significant portion of our revenue from operations is derived from certain key customers with long-standing, the loss of one or more of such customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Of our top 10 customers based on revenue contribution for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, 5 of our customers have been customers for 10 years intermittently, 2 of our customers have been customers for 5 years, and the other 3 have been our customers for 2 years.
Except as disclosed in the section titled “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – A. Litigation Involving our Company – Criminal proceedings by our Company” on page 389, there have not been any instances of disputes with our customers or adverse changes in our relationship with our customers in the past, we cannot assure you that such instances will not occur in the future and have a material adverse impact on our business, result of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our reliance on a select group of customers may also constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements, including pricing, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. The deterioration of the financial condition or a decline in the budgetary allocations of these customers could reduce their demand for our products and result in a significant decrease in the revenues we derive from them. Furthermore, key customers may become subject to international sanctions, which could further adversely affect our business and revenues.
The volume and timing of sales to such customers may also vary due to a change in their requirements, geo-political issues and management of inventory levels. Furthermore, we do not have firm commitments in the form of continuing or long-term supply agreements with some of our customers and instead rely on orders for manufacture of specific products on a purchase order basis, which governs the volume and other terms of the sale of our products. We need to maintain sufficient inventory levels of raw material to meet customer expectations at all times. Accumulating excess inventory could increase our inventory costs, and a failure to have adequate inventory in stock to fulfil customer orders could result in inability to meet customer demand or loss of customers. As actual orders by our customers are typically placed by way of ‘make to order’/ specific purchase orders, we are exposed to significant or unexpected changes in product specifications and delivery schedules, which may result in a mismatch between our inventories of raw materials, thereby increasing our costs for maintaining inventory. Our inability to forecast the level of customer demand for our products as well as our inability to accurately schedule our raw material purchases and production and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business and cash flows from operations. We cannot assure you that
our customers will place further orders with us in the future or that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from them, or that we will be able to significantly reduce customers concentration in the future. The loss of business from any of these customers due to any reason could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
Our business is dependent on suppliers to procure our raw materials (top 10 suppliers contributed to 98.91%, 98.45%, 96.93% and 98.58% of our total cost of raw materials and components purchased for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively). We have not entered into long-term agreements with these suppliers, and any loss of suppliers or interruptions in the timely delivery of raw materials or volatility in their prices could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We are dependent on suppliers to procure our raw materials. We had a network of 9, 14, 17 and 11 suppliers of copper and aluminium (which are our primary raw materials) and enamel and paper (which are our insulating materials) in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Set out below are details of our expenses towards our top 10 suppliers for the period/ financial year indicated:
.
*These suppliers represent the top 10 suppliers for each of the respective period/ Fiscals and may not necessarily be the same suppliers across the period/ Fiscals.
Note: Our top 10 suppliers include Ahlstrom Sweden AB; Cindus Corporation; Elantas Beck India Limited; Hindalco Industries Limited; Polycom Associates; Savli Copper Products Private Limited; Union Copper Rod LLC; and Vedanta Limited Sterlite Copper. Names of other suppliers have not been included in this Red Herring Prospectus due to non-receipt of consent from such suppliers to be named in the Offer Documents.
We purchase our raw materials from third-party suppliers on the basis of purchase orders and do not typically enter into any long-term agreements. We procure our main raw material i.e. copper in back-to-back arrangement with suppliers against confirmed bookings, i.e., the customer prices the copper with our Company and our Company does the same with its suppliers. While we procure raw materials from our suppliers once they confirm the receipt of our purchase orders, in the absence of long-term contracts, our suppliers may not be obligated to supply their products to us and/or may choose to sell their products to our competitors. While we have a large network of long-term suppliers, we purchase copper and aluminium, which are our primary raw materials (and copper also being our principal raw material), from a limited number of suppliers. While there have been no instances of termination of our relationship with our suppliers which had impacted our supply in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, there can be no assurance that a particular supplier will continue to supply us with raw materials in the future. Further, we cannot assure that we will be able to enter into new or renew our existing arrangements with suppliers on terms acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to source materials in a commercially viable and timely manner, if at all, which may impact our business and profitability.
We conduct quality checks before onboarding suppliers for certain of our raw materials including metal and paper. Further, there are a limited number of qualified suppliers of insulating materials such as enamel and paper due to criticality to maintain process composition, which further restricts the number of suppliers we can source such materials from. Due to limitations in the availability of suppliers, we are also susceptible to the pricing-power risk of our suppliers controlling the pricing of our raw materials. While we do not rely on any single supplier for the other raw materials and components required for our operations, if any of our suppliers does not supply raw materials on a timely basis or at reasonable prices, we may be unable to manufacture products for our customers or may be unable to ensure the timely delivery of the same. Any discontinuation of production by these suppliers or a failure of these suppliers to adhere to the delivery schedule or the required quality and quantity could hamper our manufacturing schedule and lead to the under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities. Our operations may also be impacted due to
instances such as disputes with suppliers, our inability to make timely payments to the suppliers, changes in governmental or regulatory policies, including sanctions/ tariffs that may be imposed on certain suppliers, or any other circumstances specific to our suppliers, such as acquisition or consolidation of such supplier, or any other adverse market conditions affecting the industry in which our supplier operates or the economic environment generally. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers and cannot procure those raw materials from other sources, we may be unable to meet our production schedules for our products and provide such products to our customers in a timely fashion, which may adversely affect our customer relations and reputation. Further, we cannot assure that our suppliers will continue to be associated with us on reasonable terms, or at all. We may also be required to replace a supplier if its products or services do not meet our safety, quality or performance standards or if a supplier unexpectedly suspends or discontinues operations due to reasons beyond its or our control, including strikes, natural calamities or financing constraints caused by credit market conditions. While we have not faced any instances of disruption in raw materials that led to any material adverse impact on our business and operations in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, there can be no assurance that these instances will not occur in the future.
Any shortfall in the supply or availability of raw materials including aluminium or copper, which are our primary raw materials (and copper also being our principal raw material), or insulating materials, such as enamel and paper, or an increase in our such material costs, or other input costs, may adversely affect the pricing and supply of our products and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our business depends significantly on price and availability of raw materials including the consistent supply of primary raw materials (i.e. copper, and aluminium, and copper also being our principal raw material), and insulating materials such as enamel and paper, which are essential components in manufacturing our products. Our primary raw materials are copper, and aluminium (copper also being our principal raw material), and our manufacturing processes require certain other raw materials such as enamel, insulating materials and packaging materials which constitute a significant portion of our total expenses. The following table sets forth the details of our total cost of raw materials consumed as a percentage of our total expenses for the period/ Fiscals indicated:
While we have not experienced any disruption in three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, in case of increase in raw material prices, there can be no assurance that we will be able to pass such cost increases to our customers. Any increase in the cost of inputs to our production could lead to higher costs for our products. The prices of our primary raw materials, copper and aluminium (copper also being our principal raw material), are derived from prices of such metals on London Metal Exchange, which is passed on to our customers on the date of placing their orders with us. If we increase the prices of our products to offset the impact of higher costs of raw materials, this may cause certain of our customers to cancel orders or refrain from purchasing our products, which may materially and adversely reduce the demand for our products, and thus, negatively impact our operating results.
Set out below are details of the contribution of our primary raw materials (i.e. copper and aluminium, copper also being our principal raw material) and other raw materials (i.e. insulating, consumables and packaging materials) towards our total cost of raw materials consumed for the period/ Fiscals indicated:
In addition to supply challenges, the cost of raw materials is subject to market fluctuations driven by inflation, foreign exchange rate volatility, and changes in government policies, such as tariffs and environmental regulations. The table below sets forth details of the suppliers from within and outside India and percentage of total expenses towards such suppliers in the period/ Fiscals indicated:
Set out below is the contribution of our suppliers from Gujarat and in UAE for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023:
During the last three Fiscals, the prices of copper and aluminium have experienced a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 3.1% and 0.5%, respectively, leading to increased input costs (Source: CARE Report). While we have not faced any significant challenges in the procurement of raw materials in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure that we will not face any disruptions in future. Any significant shortfall in supply or increase in costs could adversely affect the pricing and supply of our products, impair our competitiveness, and negatively impact our business operations, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
A significant portion of our revenue from operations i.e. 71.73%, 74.79%, 75.17% and 79.08% of our operating revenue for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively is attributable to the power sector (generation, transmission and distribution) industry (“Power Sector”). Any economic cyclicality coupled with reduced demand or negative trend in the Power Sector industry or other industries that we operate in, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We are dependent on our customers from the Power Sector for a significant portion of our operating revenue. Set out below are details of our operating revenue generated from each of the industries that we cater to, for the period/ Fiscals indicated:
* Others include industrials, automotives (EV and ICE), home appliances, refrigeration and air conditioning.
# Excludes other operating income including income from scrap and income from remission of duties and taxes on export products.
Any downturn or negative trends in the Power Sector due to reasons such as consumer demand, consumer confidence, changes in national and international trade policies, imposition of tariffs, sanctions by countries on input materials, changes in government policies, environmental regulations, and commodity prices, could result in loss of business or reduction in the volume of business from customers operating in these industries. While there has not been significant reduction in demand from the Power Sector in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, there can be no assurance that there will not be any such reduction in future. Further, there can be no assurance that any instance of economic cyclicality, significant reduction in demand or negative trends in Power Sector will not occur in the future, which may impact our sales and in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We derive a substantial portion of our revenue (more than 70% in each of the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023) from the sale of specialized magnet winding wires. Any reduction in demand for our key products would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We significantly rely on revenue generated from specialized magnet winding wires. The specialized magnet winding wires that we manufacture are primarily used in transformers, generators, and power (generation, transmission and distribution). The table below sets out the revenues generated from sales of our key product segments i.e., specialised and standard magnet winding wires as a percentage of our operating revenue:
While we have not experienced any material sustained decline in the sale of our key products in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and the Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, there is no assurance that we will not face any decline in the future. Any failure to successfully manufacture and market specialized magnet winding wires, whether on account of regulatory changes or changes in technologies, including creation of alternate technologies, or otherwise could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We have not yet placed orders in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for certain of our proposed objects of the Offer. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the requisite equipment in a timely manner, or at all, the same may result in time and cost over-runs.
We intend to utilize portions of the Net Proceeds for funding capital expenditure requirements for (i) funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Company towards purchasing and setting up of new machinery for expansion at our Supa Facility; (ii) funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Company towards purchasing and setting up of a rooftop solar power plant for power generation at our Supa Facility; and (iii) funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Company towards purchasing and setting up of new machinery at Unit 2 in Chakan, Pune in Maharashtra (collectively, “Proposed Capital Expenditure”). While we have procured quotations from various vendors in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for the Proposed Capital Expenditure, we have not placed any firm orders for certain of them. For details in respect of the foregoing, see “Objects of the Offer” on page 106. Such quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure at the costs indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations over and above the contingencies proposed to be funded out of the Net Proceeds. The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, engineering design changes and technological changes. Further, certain items of the Proposed Capital Expenditure, for
which our Company has already placed purchase orders, may not be delivered within the expected time, or at all, and may impact the time and cost estimates of our Proposed Capital Expenditure.
In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or an escalation in the cost of acquisition of the equipment or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the equipment and services in a timely manner, or at all, we may encounter time and cost overruns for the Proposed Capital Expenditure. Further, if we are unable to procure the requisite items for Proposed Capital Expenditure and ancillary items or avail services from the vendors from whom we have procured quotations, we cannot assure you that we may be able to identify alternative vendors to provide us with the similar kind of items for Proposed Capital Expenditure and ancillary items and services, which satisfy our requirements at acceptable prices. Our inability to procure the items for Proposed Capital Expenditure at acceptable prices or in a timely manner, may result in an increase in capital expenditure, extension or variation in the proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds, thereby resulting in an adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Our operations are significantly dependent on our manufacturing facilities. Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption, slowdown or shutdown of our manufacturing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Our business is dependent upon our ability to efficiently manage our manufacturing facilities, and the operational risks associated with it, including those beyond our control. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have three operational manufacturing facilities in India. For details in relation to our manufacturing facilities, and their capacity utilization, see “Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities” and “Our Business – Capacity and Capacity Utilization” on pages 229 and 230, respectively. Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption in our manufacturing facilities may result in delays or shutdowns of our production activities. While we perform regular scheduled and unscheduled maintenance services and employ other systems and processes such as power backups, employee training and productivity monitoring at each of our manufacturing facilities, these facilities are subject to various operating risks, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, productivity of our workforce, performance below expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence of equipment or machinery, timely availability of raw materials, labour disputes, strikes, natural disasters, industrial accidents, fire, severe weather conditions, any significant social, political or economic disturbances and infectious disease outbreaks resulting in unplanned slowdowns and/or shutdowns and the need to comply with the directives of relevant government and regulatory authorities. Our inability to effectively respond to any breakdown, shutdown or to rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. While there has not been any breakdown, unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption, slowdown or shutdown of our manufacturing facilities which had material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of our Company during the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, or Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, we cannot assure that there will not be any breakdowns in future.
Further, we run the risk of an industrial action by our unionized non-managerial employees. Our non-managerial staff are organized in a registered trade union through which we negotiate the terms and conditions of their compensation and the redressal of their grievances. For details in relation to memorandum of settlement with the KSH International Chakan Internal Kamgar Sangathna, see “Our Business – Human Resources” on page 235. In addition, we may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our manufacturing facilities to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. While we may be able to transfer manufacturing activities to another facility, servicing our customers from distant manufacturing locations may lead to delays and increased costs which could impact our reputation and profitability. A shutdown of any such facility, including due to delays or non-renewal of specific approvals, will result in an inability to manufacture the relevant products for the duration of such shutdown. Further, any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. Interruptions in production or operational activities beyond our control such as transportation of finished products, may also increase our costs and reduce our sales and may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation or to defend litigation that we may become involved in as a result, which may negatively affect our reputation, profitability, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. There is also no assurance that we will be able to recover all, or part of the losses incurred, under our insurance policies. While there has not been any such disruptions in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, there can be no assurance that such instances will not occur in the future, and any such disruption may result in delays or shutdown of our manufacturing activities which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We have encountered delays in the past and may encounter delays or time cost overruns in the completion of the construction of our manufacturing facility at Supa, Ahilyanagar (formerly Ahmednagar) in Maharashtra, which may adversely affect our business, result of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
Our manufacturing unit at Supa, Ahilyanagar (formerly Ahmednagar) in Maharashtra was originally anticipated to commence operations by March 31, 2025, however, we have experienced delays in setting up our Supa Facility and operations have commenced in September 2025. Further, the enhancement in the annual installed capacity from 8,800 MT to 12,000 MT at our manufacturing unit at Supa, Ahilyanagar, led to an increase in cost of the project. The delay in project completion was caused by delay in activities like placement of purchase orders, delivery and installation of plant and machinery, mechanical, electrical and plumbing, utility and other equipment. We may face further delays or cost overruns in completion of further phases of construction of our Supa Facility in the future on account of several factors, including delays in receiving governmental, statutory, and other regulatory approvals and permits, and delays in or non-delivery of construction equipment by suppliers, among others.
Additionally, an amount of ₹ 783.77 million from the Net Proceeds is intended to be utilised towards the Phase II Expansion at our Supa Facility. For further details, see “Objects of the Offer – Funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Company towards: (i) purchasing and setting up of new machinery for expansion at our Supa Facility (“Phase II Expansion at our Supa Facility”); and (ii) purchasing and setting up of new machinery at Unit 2 in Chakan, Pune in Maharashtra” on page 114. Any failure to complete the Phase II Expansion of this facility in a timely manner, and within budget, or at all, and any failure of receipt of the required approvals required for operation of the Supa Facility, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
We are subject to strict quality requirements and any product defect issues or failure by us or our raw material suppliers to comply with quality standards may lead to the cancellation of existing and future orders, recalls or exposure to potential product liability claims.
We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product defects and subsequent liability claims if the use of any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. We and our component suppliers may not be able to meet regulatory quality standards in India or abroad, or the quality standards imposed by our customers and applicable to our manufacturing processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are also required to obtain material approvals and certifications for product quality verification in India and other jurisdictions. Further, our manufacturing facilities are subjected to rigorous quality control checks, accreditation requirements, and periodic inspections from various regulatory agencies that have issued us product and system certifications. If any of our products do not meet regulatory standards or are defective, we may be, inter alia, (i) responsible for damages relating to any defective products, (ii) required to replace, recall or redesign such products, (iii) incur significant costs to defend any such claims or (iv) restricted to produce or market such products to our customers.
While there have not been any material product liability claims made against our products or any cancellation of existing or future orders, during the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, resulting in a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, there can be no assurance that we will not face any product liability claims or cancellation of existing or future orders in the future. The quality of raw materials and the goods we trade in will have an impact on the quality of the finished products and in turn affect our brand image, business and revenue. There is no assurance that our products will always meet the satisfaction of our customers’ quality standards. Certain customers may also conduct pre-qualification evaluations before placing their first orders. Our or our supplier’s failure to comply with applicable regulations could cause adverse consequences to be imposed on us, including warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, the refusal of regulatory authorities to grant approvals, delays, suspensions or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, all of which could harm our business. There can be no assurance that we or our suppliers comply or can continue to comply with all regulatory requirements or the quality requirement standards of our customers. Further, there can be no assurance that if we need to engage new suppliers to satisfy our business requirement, we will be able locate new suppliers in compliance with regulatory requirements in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to do so could lead to the cancellation of existing and future orders and have a material adverse effect on our business and revenue.
We are an approved supplier of empaneled PICC and CTC for certain entities, and are required to undergo stringent pre-qualification requirements imposed by corporate, state, central government, and international organizations during their procurement processes. We have received approvals for our products from certain organisations who are the ultimate end-users of transformers and reactors. For further details, please see “Our Business – Overview” on page
211. While there has not been any non-compliance with the quality standards of our customers during the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that any future non-compliance
with quality standards will not result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.
For details of our certifications and accreditations, see “Our Business - Description of our Business - Quality Control, Services, Packaging and Certifications” on page 233. Our manufacturing facilities and operating processes are also audited by third party auditors. In the event we fail to comply with the requirements of customers in relation to third-party audits, or fail our audits, we may be in breach of our arrangements with certain customers. In the event we are unable to renew our accreditations or comply with the accreditation criteria or if such agencies find that we are not in compliance with the standards and norms prescribed, our accreditation may be revoked, or we may not be granted accreditation. While we have not faced any instances of non-renewal or loss of any certification or accreditation for any of our manufacturing facilities in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, there can be no assurance that these instances will not occur in the future. If we lose one or more of our accreditations or certifications, our reputation, business, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected.
We export our products to various countries and our revenue from outside India represented 30.75%, 33.20%, 39.15% and 43.93% of our sale of products for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Any adverse events affecting these countries or changes in laws and duties in relation to exports could have an adverse impact on our business, revenue operations, financial condition and cash flows.
We have supplied our products to customers across 24 countries outside India, as of June 30, 2025. The table below sets forth details of the customers served outside India and revenue generated from such customers in the years/ periods indicated:
* This does not include processing charges and other operating revenue.
Any change in law, regulations and policies in foreign jurisdictions where we sell our products or plan to sell our products may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Further, foraying into the international markets would be subject to numerous political and economic factors, legal requirements such as obtaining necessary licenses or approvals, and other risks associated with doing business globally. Therefore, we may not be able to expand our export business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For instance, we are required to have a valid importer-exporter code issued by the Director General of Foreign Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India, for import and export related activities. While there have been no instances in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 and the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that in future we will receive the appropriate approvals, and/ or licenses to sell our products in foreign jurisdictions or continue sales to such foreign jurisdictions, which may impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Further, since we do not have established offices and dedicated sales presence overseas, we may from time-to-time commission agents to represent us and enable our participation in tenders issued in overseas jurisdictions. If we are unsuccessful in securing such export orders, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Further, the United States have recently introduced tariff hikes on its imports from India. Electrical components, classified under the Indian customs heading (“CTS”) 8544, corresponding to the harmonised tariff schedule (“HTS”) 8544 of the United States, are subject to a reciprocal tariff of 25% and an additional tariff of 25%, totalling a combined tariff rate of 50% when imported to the United States. However, if a product is specifically covered under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act, 1962 (“Section 232 Tariffs”) then the tariff rates of 25% or 50%, as applicable, is applicable and such product would not be applicable to reciprocal and additional tariffs. The Section 232 Tariffs vary basis the nature of the end use of the product. The products of our Company in most cases would be classified under HTS 8544, which would be subject to a total tariff of 50% except for instance, in relation to products under HTS 8,544.30.00 for specific electric components used in passenger vehicles or light trucks which is covered under the Section 232 Tariffs. This increase in tariff rate could lead to a reduction in demand and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
We have experienced negative cash flows from operating activities in the past. Any negative cash flows in the future would adversely affect our cash flow requirements, which may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans, thereby affecting our financial condition.
The table below sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows from operating activities for the periods/ years indicated:
We experienced negative cash flows in the Fiscal 2025, and the Fiscal 2024, due to increase in inventories and increase in trade receivables. Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. We may face a shortfall of capital in future as a result of negative cash flows and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise adequate capital in future. As a result, our cash flows, business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. For further information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Cash Flows” on page 378.
If we fail to comply with the applicable regulations and rules prescribed by the Government of India and the relevant statutory or regulatory bodies or fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required for our business, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.
We are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory licenses, registrations, permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, for carrying out our business and for our manufacturing facility, among other things, relating to occupational health and safety (including laws regulating the generation, storage, handling, use and transportation of waste materials, the emission and discharge of hazardous waste materials into soil, air or water, and the health and safety of employees) and mandatory certification requirements for our facilities and products. For further information on the nature of the material approvals and licenses required for our business and for information on the material approvals applied for, see “Government and Other Approvals” on page 393. In addition, we will need to apply for renewal of certain approvals, licenses registrations and permits, which expire or seek new approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from time to time, as and when required in the ordinary course of our business. While there has not been any non-compliance during the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 or Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, there can be no assurance that we will be in compliance at all times with such laws, regulations and the terms and conditions of any such consents or permits. If we violate or fail to comply adequately with these requirements, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by the relevant regulators.
Our business and operations are subject to a number of approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for construction and operation of our manufacturing facilities, warehouses, branch offices and regional offices, in addition to extensive government regulations for the protection of the environment and occupational health and safety. We have either made or are in the process of making an application or renewal for obtaining necessary approvals that are not in place or have expired. Further, we may also need to apply for additional approvals including the renewal of approvals which may expire from time to time, in the ordinary course of business. For instance, we have made applications for
(i) certificate of enrolment issued by Maharashtra Sales Tax Department under the Maharashtra State Tax on Professions, Trades, Callings and Employment Act, 1975 and (ii) for amending the name of our Company in certain regulatory approvals and licenses issued under our old name “KSH International Private Limited”. Additionally, we are yet to make an application for obtaining the building completion certificate issued in relation to Unit 2 by the Pune Metropolitan Region Development Authority. For details, see “Government and Other Approvals – C. Material approvals in relation to our Company – IV. Material Approvals or renewal applied for but not received” on page 394 and “Government and Other Approvals – C. Material approvals in relation to our Company – IV. Material Approvals for which fresh applications/renewal applications are yet to be made” on page 395. We cannot assure you that these approvals will be granted by the relevant authorities. In the event these approvals are not granted, we will have to make alternate manufacturing arrangements including increasing production in our other existing manufacturing facilities, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Further, we may be required to obtain a no objection certificate under the relevant state tenancy laws, when applying for a factory license. For further details of pending renewals and pending material approvals, see “Government and Other Approvals” on page 393. If we fail to retain, renew or receive any of such approvals, licenses, registrations, permissions or renewals, in a timely manner or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected.
Further, our government approvals and licenses are subject to certain conditions, some of which are onerous and require us to make substantial compliance-related expenditure. If we fail to comply or a regulator claim that we have
not complied with such conditions, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.
Considering the nature of raw materials involved in our business, there can be no assurance that other environmental and safety allegations will not be made against us in the future. The relevant regulator may order closure of our unit where it is found to be non-compliant with the applicable norm. In some instances, such a fine or sanction could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, these requirements may become more stringent over time and there can be no assurance that we will not incur significant environmental costs or liabilities in the future. For details, see “Risk Factors – Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows” on page 54.
Further, we propose to utilise a portion of our Net Proceeds towards funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Company towards purchasing and setting up of new machinery for expansion at our Supa Facility which will require us to obtain necessary licenses and approvals. For details, see “Objects of the Offer –Funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Company towards: (i) purchasing and setting up of new machinery for expansion at our Supa Facility (“Phase II Expansion at our Supa Facility”); and (ii) purchasing and setting up of new machinery at Unit 2 in Chakan, Pune in Maharashtra” on page 114. We may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds in case we are unable to obtain necessary licenses and approvals or due to other external factors, which may not be within the control of our management.
Our inability to control the costs involved in complying with these and other relevant laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We are unable to trace some of our historical corporate records including in relation to certain allotments made by our Company. Further, certain corporate records have errors, and certain corporate filings have been made with delays. We cannot assure you that no legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be initiated against our Company in the future in relation to these matters, which may impact our financial condition and reputation.
Certain of our Company’s corporate records are not traceable as the relevant information was not available in the records maintained by our Company or on the online portal of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA Portal”) or in the physical records available at the Registrar of Companies. For instance, we are unable to trace the following:
Annual returns filed by the Company beginning from the Fiscal 1980 until the Fiscal 2003, except for the Fiscals ended March 31, 1983, and March 31, 1988;
Financial statements, (a) between the Fiscal 1980 until March 31, 1985, (b) between the Fiscal 1986 until March 31, 2005, and (c) between the Fiscals 2011 and 2014;
Form 1, Form 1A and Form 18 along with corresponding RoC challans for incorporation of the Company dated July 30, 1979, application for reservation of name, and intimation of registered office respectively;
Form 23, Forms 1A and 1B along with corresponding RoC challans for change of name of the Company from “Bhandary Metal Extrusion Private Limited” to “KSH International Private Limited” dated July 4, 1996;
Form 32 along with corresponding challan for regularization as director in relation to Rajesh Kushal Hegde dated September 26, 1996;
Form 32 along with corresponding RoC challan for appointment as additional director in relation to Rohit Kushal Hegde dated November 1, 2000;
Form 32 along with the corresponding RoC challan for regularisation as director in relation to Rohit Kushal Hegde dated September 21, 2000;
Copies or counter folios of share certificates issued to the shareholders; and
Share transfer forms for all secondary transactions of equity shares, including the following transfers involving the Promoter Selling Shareholders:
For further details, see “Capital Structure – Details of history of shareholding and share capital of our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group in our Company” and “Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our Company” on pages 91 and 85, respectively.
We have been unable to trace these documents despite commissioning a detailed search at the Registrar of Companies, through an independent practicing company secretary, Kanj and Co LLP (“Practicing Company Secretary”), to trace records and filings available with Registrar of Companies and reliance has been placed on the certificate dated May 21, 2025, issued by the Practicing Company Secretary. We have also intimated the Registrar of Companies by way of our letter dated May 21, 2025, regarding the missing corporate records.
In addition, 1,000, equity shares of face value of ₹100 each allotted to Karunakar N. Bhandary, 500 equity shares of face value of ₹100 each allotted to Kushal Subbayya Hegde, Narayna B. Shetty and Jayaram N. Shetty, respectively, pursuant to the initial subscription to the MoA dated June 29, 1979, were subsequently taken on record by the Board by way of a resolution dated August 25, 1979. For further details, see “Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our Company”.
Further, some of our form filings made with the RoC have been delayed in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023. We have made such filings subsequent to the statutory period with a late filing fee. We cannot assure you that our future filings shall be made within the time permitted under the applicable laws, and that any legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be initiated against our Company in the future.
Although no regulatory action/ litigation is pending against us in relation to (i) untraceable secretarial and other corporate records and documents, (ii) errors in our corporate filings, and (iii) delays in our corporate filings, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to penalties imposed by regulatory authorities in this respect.
Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus contain information from the CARE Report which has been commissioned by us and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in this Offer is subject to inherent risks.
Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the CARE Report or extracts of the CARE Report prepared by Care Analytics and Advisory Private Limited (“CareEdge Research”). All such information in this Red Herring Prospectus indicates the CARE Report as its source. The CARE Report is available on the website of our Company at https://kshinternational.com/investor-relations/industry-report/.
The CARE Report is commissioned and paid for by our Company pursuant to an engagement letter dated December 2, 2024, for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with this Offer. While CareEdge Research is not related to our Company, our Promoters or our Directors, our Company has subscribed to and paid for certain research and reports from CareEdge Research business process services division.
Industry sources and publications are prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Further, the CARE Report is not a recommendation to invest
/ disinvest in any company covered in the CARE Report. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on or base their investment decision solely on this information.
In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in this Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CARE Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CARE Report before making any investment decision regarding this Offer. See “Industry Overview” on page 137. For the disclaimer associated with the CARE Report, see “Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data” on page 16.
We operate in a competitive business environment. Failure to compete effectively against our competitors and new entrants to the industry may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We face significant competition in our business from other manufacturers and suppliers of winding wires. Our competitors may possess wider product ranges, larger sales teams, greater intellectual property resources and broader appeal across various divisions. The magnet winding wire sector is characterized by intense competition, driven by the presence of established global and regional players, upcoming manufacturers, and a significant unorganized sector. (Source: CARE Report). For further details on our competitors, see “Our Business – Competition”, “Basis for Offer Price” and “Industry Overview” on pages 234, 124 and 137, respectively. Our failure to compete effectively with respect to any of these or other factors could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or operating results. Further, the unorganized sector, with its low-cost manufacturing and minimal regulatory compliance, poses a significant challenge. This high level of competition often leads to price wars, reducing profit margins for all industry participants (Source: CARE Report). We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against our competitors as well as new entrants in our industry in the future. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects would be adversely and materially affected if we are unable to maintain our competitive advantage and compete successfully against our competitors and any new entrants in the industry.
While we work consistently to offset pricing pressures, produce new products, improve our services or enhance our production efficiency to reduce costs, such efforts may not be successful. Also, as we plan to expand our offerings to launch new products, we may face strong competition from other players in the same markets. Many of our existing and potential competitors may seek to equal or exceed us in terms of their financial, production, sales, marketing and other resources. If we fail to compete effectively in the future, our business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
Any failure in arranging adequate working capital for our operations or furnishing performance bank guarantees may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
We require significant working capital to finance the purchase of raw materials and for the manufacture and other related expenses before payment is received from customers. We currently meet our working capital requirements through a mix of internal accruals and working capital facilities from banks.
Set out below are our working capital days for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023:
(1) Working capital days is computed as Inventory days plus Trade receivable days minus Trade payable days. Inventory days is calculated as Inventory divided by Cost of goods sold (COGS) from operations multiplied by 365 or 91days. Trade receivables days is calculated as Trade
receivables divided by revenue from operations multiplied by 365 or 91 days. Trade payable days is calculated as Trade payable divided by COGS multiplied by 365 or 91 days.
Any delays in our billing and settlement process, or delays or defaults in our trade receivables or an increase in inventory and work in progress and/or accelerated payments to suppliers or limited advance payments on government contracts could adversely affect our working capital, lower our cash flows and materially increase the amount of working capital requirements. The actual amount and timing of our future working capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen events beyond our control, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, technological changes, revisions to business terms by customers and suppliers and additional market developments and new opportunities in the industries we operate. Further, our future success depends on our ability to continue to secure and successfully manage sufficient amounts of working capital. Our inability to obtain adequate amount of working capital at such terms which are favourable to us and in a timely manner or at all may also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. While there have not been any instances where our Company had failed to arrange adequate working capital for our operations or had failed to furnish performance bank guarantees which had adversely affected the business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition of our Company, there can be no assurance that such instances will not occur in future.
Our Company is involved in certain outstanding legal and regulatory proceedings. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
There are outstanding legal and regulatory proceedings involving our Company which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. Such proceedings could divert the management’s time and attention and consume financial resources in their defence or prosecution. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent that such amounts are ascertainable and quantifiable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally, as applicable. Any unfavourable decision in connection with such proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect our reputation, continuity of our management, business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. The summary of such outstanding material legal and regulatory proceedings as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is set out below:
* To the extent quantifiable.
# Determined in accordance with the Materiality Policy. Notes:
Certain of our KMPs including, Kushal Subbayya Hegde, Rajesh Kushal Hegde, Rohit Kushal Hegde and Rakhi Girija Shetty are also our Executive Directors. Hence, litigation against our Executive Directors have not been included under the heading of KMPs to avoid repetition.
Certain of our SMs including, Sandesh Bhagwat, CEO, Amod Joshi, CFO, Sarthak Malvadkar, CS and Compliance Officer, and Ganesh Prasad, Technical Director, are also our KMPs. Hence, litigation against our KMPs have not been included under the heading of SMs to avoid repetition.
Further, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no pending litigation proceedings involving any of our Group Companies which will have a material impact on our Company.
Such proceedings could divert management’s time, attention, and consume financial resources in their defence or prosecution. We cannot assure you that any of these matters will be settled in favour of our Company or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Further, we cannot assure you that there will be no new legal
and regulatory proceedings involving our Company, Promoters or Directors in the future. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, prospects, cash flows, results of operations and our reputation. For further information, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on page 388.
Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities and an inability to effectively utilize our manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects and future financial performance.
Information relating to the installed capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by the Independent Chartered Engineer, in the calculation of the installed capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities.
The table below sets forth the installed capacity and capacity utilization product category wise across our manufacturing facilities during the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively:
(The remainder of the page is intentionally left blank)
^ Calculated on proportionate installed capacity basis.
* Actual production mentioned above is for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025.
Notes:
Capacity mentioned in above table for the year 2022-2023, 2023-2024 and 2024-2025 & first quarter of the year 2025-26 is on annualized basis.
PICC means - Paper Insulated Copper Conductor.
CTC means - Continuously Transposed Conductors.
RW means - Round Wire Conductors.
Installed capacity represents the installed capacity as of the last date of the relevant Fiscal and by considering the factors such as plant preventive maintenance, unplanned maintenance, set up change for extreme cross section, job landing & unloading time, power failure, lunch/ tea break etc..
The installed capacity are based on various assumptions and estimates, including standard capacity calculation practice in the Indian winding wires industry and capacity of other ancillary equipment installed at the relevant manufacturing facility. Actual available annual capacity is calculated by considering above mentioned factors and percentage of utilization is calculated by considering available capacity.
Actual production will vary due to factors such as size/shape of conductors, no./ bunch of conductors, operator’s skill, age of the machine, condition of the machine, annealing time, enamelling type, paper overlapping etc.
Company manufactures wide range of wires and conductors in various sizes and types. Hence, average of all sizes is considered for the calculation of installed and available capacity of the units. Main production output is based on final output of CTC, PICC machine as it is final operation to get finish product.
The company is manufacturing aluminum & copper winding wires and for purpose of arriving at copper equivalent figures of production and sales, the aluminum products has been multiplied by 3.28.
Assumptions and estimates taken into account for measuring available capacities includes:
Specialize magnet winding wires:
For PICC - 26 days per month resulting in 312 working days in a year with per day three operating shifts with actual run time of 5.6 hours per shift.
For CTC - 26 days per month resulting in 312 working days in a year with per day three operating shifts with actual run time of 5.2 hours per shift.
Standard magnet winding wires:
For RW – 95% of 365 working days in a year on a continuing basis with per day three operating shifts with actual run time of 8 hours per shift.
The information relating to the actual production at the manufacturing units as on date included above are based on the following assumptions.
The actual production capacity of the company is derived from a ‘Production Data’ on a monthly basis.
Capacity utilization has been calculated on the basis of actual production during the relevant Fiscal/ period divided by the aggregate available capacity as of at the end of the relevant period. The inspection report is based on situation observed at the time of date if inspection.
The Company is expanding by setting up a plant at Plot No. F-223, Supa Parner Industrial Park, Mauje Palve Khurd, Taluka Parner, Dist – Ahmednagar, Maharashtra – 414 301. The proposed plant will be developed in phases: Phase I, named Alpha I, with an installed capacity of 12,000 MT per annum, and Phase II, named Beta I, with a proposed installed capacity of 18,000 MT per annum. Currently, a consent to operate dated September 19, 2025, has been obtained from the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board for Phase I CTO and commercial production of Phase I commenced in September 2025. Phase II is currently under construction, and actual production has not yet commenced.
(The remainder of the page is intentionally left blank)
Our historical capacity utilisation for the standard magnet winding wires reflect under-utilisation, as our production of standard magnet winding wires Fiscal 2020 and were affected by the adverse economic slowdown due to Covid-19. For further details on our manufacturing facilities and capacities, see “Our Business – Capacity and Capacity Utilization” on page 230. Our ability to maintain our profitability depends on our ability to maintain high levels of capacity utilization and there is no assurance that our capacities will be adequately utilized. Capacity utilization is affected by our ability to accurately forecast customer demand, to carry out uninterrupted operations, the availability of raw materials, and industry/ market conditions. In the event there is a decline in the demand for our offerings, or if we face prolonged disruptions at our facility including due to interruptions in the supply of water, electricity or as a result of labour unrest, or are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to achieve full capacity utilization of our current manufacturing facility, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities over extended periods, or significant under-utilization in the short term, or an inability to fully realize the benefits of our recently implemented capacity expansion, could materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance.
Our manufacturing facilities are located in Maharashtra, India, which exposes our operations to potential geographical concentration risks arising from local and regional factors which may adversely affect our operations and in turn our business, results of operations and cash flows.
As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we primarily manufacture our products at our four manufacturing facilities, one at Taloja (Raigad), Maharashtra, and two in Chakan (Pune), Maharashtra. Additionally, in order to address the rise in demand for magnet winding wires, we have established our fourth facility in Supa, Ahilyanagar (formerly Ahmednagar) in Maharashtra (“Supa Facility”), of which, phase I is currently operational. For details in relation to the land on which our Manufacturing Facilities are located, see, “Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities” on page 229. Further, Supa Facility, phase II of which is under construction, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is located at Supa Ahilyanagar (formerly Ahmednagar), also in Maharashtra. Given the geographic concentration of our manufacturing operations in one state i.e. Maharashtra, our operations are susceptible to disruptions which may be caused by certain local and regional factors, including but not limited to political, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, demographic factors, and other unforeseen events and circumstances. While there have not been any instances of risks materializing due to our geographical concentration in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 and the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, if any such disruptions occurs due to reasons included herein, our operations may be affected leading to significant delays in the manufacturing and sale of our products which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We have incurred indebtedness and are subject to certain restrictive covenants under the terms of our financing agreements, which may limit our ability to seek additional financing or undertake certain business actions. Any inability to comply with repayment obligations and/or other covenants in our financing agreements could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
As of October 31, 2025, we had total borrowings (including fund-based borrowings and non-fund based borrowings and consisting of secured borrowings including term loans and working capital facilities, and unsecured borrowings including working capital facilities and unsecured loans) of ₹ 5,194.25 million. For further details, see “Financial Indebtedness” on page 385. Our ability to pay interest and repay the principal of our indebtedness is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to service such debt. Any additional indebtedness we incur may have significant consequences, including, requiring us to use a significant portion of our cash flow from operations and other available cash to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available for other purposes, including reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business, competition pressures and market conditions.
Our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of actions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. For example, some of our financing agreements require our Company to obtain prior written waiver or consent from, or intimate our lenders for, among other things, effecting any change in ownership, control, management of our Company; effecting any changes to the capital structure or shareholding pattern; entering into any merger, de-merger, amalgamation, reorganisation or consolidation or formulating any scheme of reconstruction, arrangement or compromise with the creditors; making any amendment to the constitutional documents; diversification, modernisation or substantial expansion of any of its existing business, operations or project; undertake any new project, implement any scheme of expansion or invest in any other entity or change the general nature of business; declaring or paying dividend; or dispose of the majority of our properties and assets. Further, our Promoters have also extended personal guarantees in favour of our lenders. In the event any of these guarantees are revoked, the lenders for such facilities may require alternative guarantees or collateral or cancellation of such facilities, entailing repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities. We may not be successful in procuring such alternative guarantees to the satisfaction of the lenders, and as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which may not be available
on acceptable terms or at all. For further details in relation to the personal guarantees, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Guarantees provided to third parties by our Promoter Selling Shareholders” on page 245.
The level of our indebtedness and the covenants under the relevant agreements may restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future or renegotiate or refinance our existing indebtedness on terms favourable to us, which may impact our growth plans.
While we have been in compliance with the financial covenants under our loan agreements in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants in the future or that we will be able to obtain consents necessary to take the actions that we believe are required to operate and grow our business.
A failure to observe the covenants under the financing arrangements or to obtain necessary waivers may lead to the termination of our credit facilities and acceleration of amounts due under such facilities. For the purpose of the Offer, the consents from our lenders as required under the relevant loan documents for undertaking activities relating to the Offer have been obtained.
The loss of certain independent certification and accreditation of our products and the manufacturing practices that we have adopted could harm our business.
We obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities in connection with the products we manufacture. For instance, we were awarded (i) ISO 9001:2015 – accreditation for the certification and approval of the quality management system; (ii) ISO 14001:2015 – accreditation for environment management system; (iii) ISO 45001:2018 – certification for occupational health and safety management; and (iv) IATF 16949:2016 – certification for the certification and approval of the quality management system. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if the relevant accreditation institute or agency declines to certify our products and manufacturing practices, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future, in a timely manner or at all, our business prospects and financial performance will be adversely affected. While we have not experienced any instances where we failed to obtain quality certifications and accreditations which had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, we cannot assure you that such instances will not arise in the future.
There have been certain instances of delays in payment of statutory dues by us in the past. Any delay in payment of statutory dues by us in future, may result in the imposition of penalties and in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
We are required to pay certain statutory dues including provident fund contributions under the Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, employee state insurance contributions under the Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948, professional tax, tax deduction at source (“TDS”), labour welfare fund, GST and income tax.
The table below sets out details of statutory dues paid by our Company, in relation to its employees during the period/ Fiscals indicated:
(₹ in million)
Note:
The number of employees mentioned in the above table differ for every statutory due basis eligibility under respective acts.
*excludes contractual employees.
& Goods and Services Tax includes only payment of taxes in cash.
# Employer and Employee Contribution.
The above-mentioned instances of delay in the payment of statutory dues were primarily due to operational reasons that were beyond the control of our Company. For instance, the delay in the payment of dues in respect of provident fund and employees state insurance were on account of payment of salaries in arrears and the delay in relation to payment of tax deducted at source was on account of belated receipt of invoices. Our Company has adopted various measures, including assigning the responsibility of maintaining checks and balances across relevant processes, with the specific objective of preventing such statutory delays. Additionally, we aim to conduct awareness sessions for the finance and human resources teams to improve understanding and compliance with applicable statutory obligations and implementing an internal escalation mechanism to identify and resolve operational gaps on a timely basis. Additionally, close coordination with suppliers and service providers has been initiated to ensure timely submission of invoices and supporting documentation, thereby facilitating accurate and timely tax computations and remittances within prescribed timelines. While no penalty or fine has been levied by the appropriate authorities against us for the aforementioned delays, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to such penalties and fines in the future which may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and cash flows.
Our operations involve activities and materials which are hazardous in nature and could result in a suspension of operations, injury to our personnel, emission of pollutants and/or the imposition of civil or criminal liabilities which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
Certain operations at our manufacturing facilities can cause accidents during the manufacturing process resulting in serious injuries or death of employees or other persons, if improperly handled, and cause damage to our properties or equipment and the properties of others or to the environment. Despite ensuring that employee safety manuals covering employee safety and environmental procedures are in place and that hazard identification and risk assessments with respect to our operations are periodically carried out, our operations are subject to significant hazards, including explosions, fires, mechanical failures and other operational problems, inclement weather and natural disasters, discharges or releases of hazardous substances and other environmental risks. In the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we have experienced one accident at one of our manufacturing facilities in June 2021. Despite our best efforts to meet the safety standards and take necessary precautions to curb possibility of occurrence of such instances, we cannot assure you that such accidents will not occur in the future.
The occurrence of any of these hazards could result in a suspension of operations and/or the imposition of civil or criminal liabilities. We may also face claims and litigation, filed on behalf of persons alleging injury predominantly as a result of occupational exposure to hazards at our facilities. If these claims and lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, are resolved against us, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. Further, our customers may require us to invest in additional safety protocols which impose incremental expenses and may impact our ability to operate at optimum efficiencies. Any such action by any of our customers may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
We have substantial requirements for power and fuel for our manufacturing facilities and any disruption in the supply or increase in tariff may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We have power and fuel requirements for our manufacturing facilities. In a situation where our costs towards power and fuel were to increase or if there were any disruption in their supply to our manufacturing facilities, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Set forth below are details in relation to our power and fuel costs for the period/ Fiscals indicated:
While we plan to install a 3.2 MW rooftop solar power plant at our Supa Facility from a portion of the Net Proceeds, we depend on third parties for our power and fuel requirements and source most of the electricity from state electricity boards. Any disruptions in the supply of such electricity, increase in tariffs, or decline in the quality of electricity supplied to us could significantly affect our cost of production and profitability. If energy costs were to rise, or if electricity supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. Energy prices can be affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including global and regional supply and demand, carbon taxes, inflation, political and economic conditions, and applicable regulatory regime.
We source most of our electricity requirements for our manufacturing facilities from local power suppliers or state electricity boards. If our electricity suppliers increase the price for electricity, our cost of production and profitability would be materially adversely affected. If for any reason electricity is not available for a prolonged period of time, we may need to shut down our plants until an adequate supply of electricity is restored. Interruptions of electricity supply can also result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. Although we have not encountered any such material interruptions during the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, or Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, we cannot assure you that we will not experience such interruptions in the future.
We are subject to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments from our customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
Our operations involve extending credit to our customers in respect of sale of our products and consequently, we face the risk of uncertainty regarding the receipt of such outstanding amounts. The table below shows our bad debts written-off and provision for bad debts for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, and such amounts as a percentage of our revenue from operations:
(₹ in million, except percentages)
Any delay in receiving payment or default on their payment obligations to us, could lead to an increase in our receivables. Any significant delay in receiving payment or non-receipt of payments from our customers may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. While we have not experienced any instances of significant delays in receiving payments which had an impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that such instance will not arise in the future.
Our operations are dependent on our new product and process development, thus our inability to introduce new products and processes and respond to changing customer preferences in a timely and effective manner, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
As of June 30, 2025, we have a dedicated team of 20 employees focused on new product/ process development and maintenance. During the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, we have incurred
₹4.49 million, ₹12.62 million, ₹11.22 million and ₹9.31 million aggregating to 3.99%, 3.18%, 2.89% and 3.33% of the employee benefit expenses incurred during the respective period/ years, on the new product and process development team. Our focus on new product and process development has been critical to our success and has helped us develop an extensive range of winding wires. Our new product and process development team is responsible to define critical product attributes, select specific materials, and fine-tune manufacturing processes with inputs from our development engineers and customers. Our future growth may depend in part on our ability to respond to technological advancement and emerging standards, and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. If we are unable to continuously develop new products or optimise our processes, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. Further, delays in any part of the process, our inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for our products or failure of a product to be successful at any stage of its development will result in our inability to timely offer products that satisfy the market, which might allow competing products to emerge during the development and certification process and could adversely affect our business. Delays in introducing new products and enhancements, the failure to choose correctly among technical alternatives or the failure to offer innovative products or enhancements at competitive prices may cause existing and potential customers to purchase our competitors’ products. Though we strive to align our solutions with requirements of our customers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the necessary knowledge through our own in-house product development that will allow us to continue to develop our offerings in accordance with the requirements of our customers and industry trends.
Our ability to access capital at attractive costs depends on our credit ratings. Non-availability of credit ratings or a poor rating may restrict our access to capital and thereby adversely affect our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.
The cost and availability of capital depends on our credit ratings. Set out below are our credit ratings received from Care Ratings Limited, in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023:
An inability to secure future financing on attractive terms or at all may adversely impact our strategic initiatives and our business prospects. Credit ratings reflect the opinion of the rating agency on our management, track record, diversified clientele, increase in scale and operations and margins, medium term revenue visibility and operating cycle.
While our rating outlook has been revised from ‘positive’ to ‘stable’ in our latest ratings obtained on December 10, 2024, we have not experienced downgrading in our credit ratings received in the last three-month period ended June 30, 2025 or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, any downgrade in our credit ratings or our inability to obtain such credit rating in a timely manner or any non-availability of credit ratings, or poor ratings, could increase borrowing costs, will give the right to our lenders to review the facilities availed by us under our financing arrangements and adversely affect our access to capital and debt markets, which could in turn adversely affect our interest margins, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.
Our financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees. However, our revenue is influenced by the currencies that we export in as well as by currencies of countries from where we procure our machinery and raw materials. Our foreign currency exposures, exchange rate fluctuations between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies, especially USD, EURO and SEK, may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. While
we have a foreign exchange risk management policy to identify, assess, monitor and manage foreign exchange risks, we cannot assure you that our measures will adequately protect our business operations, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows from the full effects of exchange rate fluctuations. Failure to hedge effectively against exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our business operations, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. While we have not experienced any instance of foreign exchange conversion loss in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that such instance will not arise in the future. For details of risks in relation in relation to our export sales, please see “Risk Factors – We export our products to various countries and our revenue from outside India represented 30.75%, 33.20%, 39.15% and 43.93% of our sale of products for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Any adverse events affecting these countries or changes in laws and duties in relation to exports could have an adverse impact on our business, revenue operations, financial condition and cash flows.” on page 36.
We undertake certain exchange rate hedging activities due to the size of our operations. We enter into hedging forward contracts, and further, we may in the future implement hedging strategies to mitigate these risks. However, these hedging strategies may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and involve costs and risks of their own, such as ongoing management time and expertise, external costs to implement the strategy and potential accounting implications.
Fraud, employee misconduct or similar incidents may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
Fraud or misconduct by our employees such as leaking of confidential information in relation to our contracts, unauthorized business transaction, bribery, breach of any applicable law or our internal policies could result in regulatory actions and litigation thereby creating an adverse impact on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Although we have controls in place with respect to the handling of such cases, we may be unable to prevent, detect or deter all such instances of misconduct. While there have been no instances in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, of any such fraud or misconduct committed by our Promoters, Director and/ or employees, including leaking of confidential information, unauthorized business transaction, bribery, breach of any applicable law or the internal policies of our Company which had resulted in regulatory actions and litigation thereby creating an adverse impact on the business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of our Company, we cannot assure you that such instances will not occur in the future. Further, we may not be able to identify non-compliance and suspicious transactions in a timely manner. Any such misconduct committed against our interests, which may include past acts that have gone undetected or future acts, may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
Some of our manufacturing facilities and our Corporate Office are leased by us. In the event we lose or are unable to renew such leasehold rights, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
Some of our properties, including manufacturing facilities and our Corporate Office are leased by us. Our manufacturing facility at Unit 3 located at Chakan, Pune, Maharashtra, is on a leasehold basis for a period of three years with effect from August 2, 2023. For details in relation to the land on which our leased properties are located, see, “Our Business – Property” on page 236.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our leases on commercially favourable terms or at all. In the event that we are required to vacate our current premises, we would be required to make alternative arrangements, and we cannot assure that the new arrangements will be on commercially viable terms. If we are required to relocate our business operations during this period, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or have to pay increased charges, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to renew these leases or relocate on commercially suitable terms, it may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. While there has not been any instance of non-renewal of lease or early termination of lease agreements in the past, we cannot assure that we will be able to enter into new or renew our existing arrangements with lessors on terms acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to source materials in a commercially viable and timely manner, if at all, which may impact our business and profitability.
We have not made any alternate arrangements for meeting our capital requirements for the Objects of the Offer. Any shortfall in raising / meeting the same could adversely affect our growth plans, operations and financial performance.
As on date, we have not made any alternate arrangements for meeting our capital requirements for the objects of the Offer. We meet our capital requirements through our bank finance, unsecured loans, owned funds and internal accruals. Any shortfall in our net owned funds, internal accruals and our inability to raise debt in future would result in us being unable to meet our capital requirements, which in turn will negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further we have not identified any alternate source of funding and hence any failure or delay on our part
to raise money from this Offer or any shortfall in the Offer proceeds may delay the implementation schedule and could adversely affect our growth plans. For further details please refer to the chapter titled “Objects of the Offer” on page 106 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
A portion of the Net Proceeds may be utilised for repayment or prepayment of certain loan facilities availed by our Company.
We propose to repay or pre-pay certain loan facilities availed by our Company from Bank from the Net Proceeds. For details, see “Objects of the Offer” on page 106.
The loan facilities to be prepaid or repaid will be selected based on a range of various factors, including (i) any conditions attached to the loan facilities restricting our ability to repay or prepay the loan facilities and time taken to fulfil such requirements, (ii) levy of any prepayment penalties and the quantum thereof, (iii) receipt of consents for prepayment, (iv) provisions of any laws, rules and regulations governing such loan facilities, and (v) other commercial considerations including, among others, the amount of the loan outstanding and the remaining tenor of the loan.
While a voluntary prepayment or scheduled re-payment of a portion of certain outstanding loan facilities will help reduce our outstanding indebtedness and debt servicing costs, assist us in maintaining a favourable debt to equity ratio and enable utilisation of our internal accruals for further investment in business growth and expansion, the repayment/ pre-payment will not result in the creation of any tangible assets for our Company. We may not be successful in implementing our strategies, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects.
The success of our business depends greatly on our ability to effectively manage our business and implement our strategies. For details, see section titled “Our Business – Our Strategies” on page 218. We will require significant capital investments and cash outlays, which is likely to have a material impact on our results of operations. Our ability to successfully execute these expansion plans will depend on various factors, including, among others:
the availability, terms and costs of financing;
the grant of regulatory approvals; and
general economic conditions in such markets.
To achieve and maintain future growth, we need to, inter alia, accurately assess new markets, attract new customers, obtain sufficient financing for our expected capital expenditures, control our input costs, effectively expand, train and manage our employees, maintain sufficient operational and financial controls and make additional capital investments to take advantage of anticipated market conditions. We may not be able to achieve growth in revenues and profits or maintain such rate of growth in the future. Moreover, if we experience extended periods of very rapid growth, we may not be able to manage our growth effectively with available resources. If we are unable to execute our strategies effectively, and in a timely and successful manner, our business, financial condition and profitability will be adversely affected.
Our failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could erode our competitive advantage.
We possess technical knowledge about our products and manufacturing know-how. The companies in winding wires industry grapple with the diverse pace of innovations in product development. To keep up with innovations and competitions, companies have to continuously update their technology to compete in the market. Our technical knowledge i.e., knowledge of our manufacturing processes and related aspects, is an asset that may not be sufficiently protected by intellectual property rights. As a result, we cannot be certain that our technical knowledge will remain confidential in the long run. Certain technical knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully. Some of our employees have access to confidential processes and product and customer information. Moreover, certain of our employees may leave us and join our various competitors. While the appointment letters issued to our employees typically contain confidentiality clauses, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully enforce such provisions. In the event the confidential technical information in respect of our products or business becomes available to third parties or to the general public, any competitive advantage we may have over other companies in the sectors we operate in could be harmed. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalise on our technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Any leakage of confidential technical information in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. While we have not encountered any instances confidential information regarding our manufacturing operations, products, or customers being leaked in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that such instances will not arise in the future.
Our Company has availed unsecured loans from financial institutions which may be recalled on demand.
As of October 31, 2025, our Company has outstanding unsecured loans amounting to ₹ 397.59 million as unsecured loans for our working capital requirements from financial institutions which is repayable on demand to the relevant lenders. These loans are not repayable in accordance with any agreed repayment schedule and may be recalled by the relevant lender at any time. In such cases, our Company may be required to repay the entirety of the unsecured loans together with accrued interest. Our Company may not be able to generate sufficient funds at short notice to be able to repay such loans and may resort to refinancing such loans at a higher rate of interest and on terms not favourable to it. If we are unable to arrange for any such financing arrangements, we may not have adequate working capital to carry out the operations or complete our ongoing operations. Failure to repay unsecured loans in a timely manner may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows and financial condition. For further details of unsecured loans of our Company, see, “Restated Financial Statement” on page 280.
We depend on our Individual Promoters, Senior Management, Key Management Personnel and qualified and skilled personnel with technical expertise, and if we are unable to recruit and retain senior management, qualified and skilled personnel, our business and our ability to operate or grow our business maybe adversely affected.
We are led by our Individual Promoters Kushal Subbayya Hegde, Pushpa Kushal Hegde, Rajesh Kushal Hegde, Rohit Kushal Hegde and Rakhi Girija Shetty. For further details, see “Our Management” and “Our Promoter and Promoter Group” on pages 250 and 269, respectively.
Our future performance would depend on the continued service of our Individual Promoters, Senior Management, Key Managerial Personnel, qualified and skilled personnel with technical expertise, and the loss of any senior employee and the inability to find an adequate replacement may impair our relationship with key customers and our level of technical expertise, which may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our future success, amongst other factors, will depend upon our ability to continue to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, particularly engineers and other associates with critical expertise, know-how and skills that are capable of helping us develop products and support key customers and products. We may therefore need to increase compensation and other benefits in order to attract and retain personnel in the future, which may adversely affect our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.
As on date, our Company does not have a business succession policy in place, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively formulate or implement appropriate succession plans in the future. Any loss of members of our senior management team or key managerial personnel could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives, affect our succession planning and could harm our business and customer relationships. While there have not been any instances of where we have not been able to effectively replace our members of senior management, or loss of key managerial personnel in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that we would be effectively able to replace any loss of members of our senior management team or key managerial personnels in the future.
The market for qualified professionals is competitive and we may not continue to be successful in our efforts to attract and retain qualified people. The specialized skills we require in our industry are difficult and time-consuming to acquire and, as a result, are in short supply. Our inability to hire, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel could delay our ability to bring new products to the market and impair the success of our operations. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation and benefits more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting skilled personnel. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.
The following table sets forth the attrition rate for KMPs, SMs and other employees, respectively, in the period/ Fiscals indicated:
For further details regarding the employees, see “Our Business – Human Resources” on page 235.
Competition for individuals with specialized knowledge and experience is intense in our industry. Further, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management personnel. If we are unable to retain or attract such members or are unable to locate suitable
or qualified replacements, our results of operations may be adversely affected. For details of changes in our key management personnel, please see “Our Management” on page 250.
An increase in employee attrition rates may result in an increase in recruitment and training costs for new hires, a decline in productivity and efficiency and loss of knowledge, skill and expertise. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to grow our workforce in a manner consistent with our growth objectives, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
Apart from two of our Directors, none of our Directors have any prior experience of directorships in listed companies. Post listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, our Company will be subject to the applicable regulatory requirements of a listed company, including regulations prescribed under SEBI Listing Regulations and the Companies Act. Any non-compliance with the regulatory requirements, due to lack of experience or otherwise, may subject us to adverse regulatory actions.
As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Board comprises of eight Directors, of which four are Executive Directors, and four are Independent Directors (including one woman Independent Director). While all of our directors have several years of experience and expertise in their respective fields, apart from two of our Independent Directors, namely Dinesh Hirachand Munot and Ajay Shriram Patil, none of our Directors, are currently on the board of directors of companies that are listed on the stock exchanges in India or outside India. Accordingly, most of our Directors have limited exposure to management of affairs of a listed company which, inter alia, entails several compliance requirements and scrutiny of affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company.
Post listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, our Company will be subject to the applicable regulatory requirements of a listed company, including the regulations prescribed under the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Companies Act. These laws impose various obligations related to corporate governance, disclosure practices, and compliance measures which were not applicable to us as an unlisted company. Any delay or non-compliance with such applicable regulatory requirements, due to lack of experience or otherwise, may present certain potential challenges for our Company including but not limited to adverse regulatory actions or imposition of fines.
As a result, the Board of Directors may have to provide increased attention to such procedures and their attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.
We currently avail benefits under certain Government incentive schemes. Cancellation or our inability to meet the conditions under such schemes may result in adversely affect our business operations, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
During the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and preceding three Fiscals, our Company has availed certain incentives such as Merchandise Exports from India Scheme (“MEIS”) and Remission of Duties or Taxes on Export of Products Scheme (“RoDTEP”). The table below sets forth details relating to government incentive schemes:
In relation to our upcoming projects, including in relation to, setting up of our Supa Facility, we expect to receive incentives from the Maharashtra State Government under the Maharashtra Industrial Policy, 2019 (“MIP”), which aims to incentivise the companies for setting up and/ or expanding existing facilities primarily based on certain revenue parameters. Key incentive under the MIP includes tax benefits of 50% of gross state GST for local sales made within Maharashtra, and customized benefits to mega and ultra mega units on a case-to-case basis.
Our profitability will be affected to the extent that such benefits will not be available beyond the periods currently contemplated. Our profitability may be further affected in the future if any of such benefits are reduced or withdrawn prematurely or if we are subject to any dispute with the tax authorities in relation to these benefits or in the event we are unable to comply with the conditions required to be complied with in order to avail ourselves of each of these benefits. For instance, the Government of India through Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Department of Commerce, Directorate General of Foreign Trade had issued a notification dated March 20, 2025 bearing reference number 66/2024-25, pursuant to which the support under the RoDTEP scheme has been retrospectively discontinued
with effect from February 5, 2025 for certain categories of beneficiaries which also includes our Company. Further, our inability to meet the conditions as prescribed under such schemes would make our Company less competitive against its competitors who have been availing this scheme by complying all conditions.
We may be unable to adequately protect intellectual property that we use and may be subject to risks of infringement claims.
We rely on our trademarks to protect our intellectual property, which is critical to our business. The protection of our intellectual property rights may require the expenditure of financial, managerial and operational resources. We rely on a combination of laws and regulations, confidentiality of information and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. Despite our efforts to protect and enforce our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties have used, and may in the future use, our trademarks or similar trademarks, copy aspects of our website images, features, compilation and functionality or obtain and use information that we consider as proprietary, such as trade secrets.
Our trademark “KSH” is also used by 18 other entities, including, (i) Waterloo Motors Private Limited; (ii) KSH Project Management Services Private Limited; (iii) KSH Infra Park 5 Private Limited; (iv) KSH Infra Park VI Private Limited; (v) KSH Distriparks Private Limited; (vi) KSH Integrated Logistics Private Limited; (vii) Kushal Motors and Electricals Private Limited; (viii) Waterloo Industrial Park I Private Limited; (ix) Waterloo Industrial Park II Private Limited; (x) Waterloo Industrial Park III Private Limited; (xi) Waterloo Industrial Park IV Private Limited; (xii) Waterloo Industrial Park V Private Limited; (xiii) Waterloo Industrial Park VI Private Limited; (xiv) Waterloo Industrial Park VIII Private Limited; (xv) Waterloo Industrial Park IX Private Limited; (xvi) Waterloo Industrial Park IX B Private Limited; (xvii) Waterloo Industrial Park IX A Private Limited; and (xviii) KSH Infra Park IV Private Limited (“Group Entities”). We have entered into consent and waiver letters each dated May 22, 2025, respectively, and authorisation letter dated November 27, 2025, with the Group Entities setting out the arrangement on usage of the brand “KSH”. As of date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have permitted the Group Entities to use the “KSH” trademark without any payment, provided that certain terms and conditions therein are met. We cannot assure you that any waiver of consideration for using the “KSH” trademark would not have any adverse effect on our financial condition.
Further, we do not hold any patents over our product formulae and have not made any applications in this respect. We may therefore not be able to prevent our competitors from developing, using or commercializing products that are functionally equivalent or similar to our products. This may lead to reduction in sales of some of our products.
Additionally, the process of obtaining intellectual property protection is expensive and time-consuming, and the amount of compensation for damages can be limited. Even if issued, trademarks may not adequately protect our intellectual property, as the legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of trademark and other intellectual property rights are applied on a case-by-case basis and it is generally difficult to predict the results of any litigation relating to such matters. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favour, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. While there have not been any instances of infringement of our intellectual property rights which have come to our knowledge in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that such instances shall not occur in the future.
Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows
Our operations are subject to various risks inherent in the manufacturing industry including defects, liability for product and/or property damage, malfunctions and failures of manufacturing equipment, fire, riots, strikes, explosions, loss-in-transit for our products, accidents, personal injury or death, environmental pollution and natural disasters. We maintain ongoing insurance policies in order to manage the risk of losses from potentially harmful events, including:
(i) marine open inland transit insurance; (ii) marine open export transit insurance (iii) standard fire and special perils policy; (iv) industrial all risk policy; (v) public liability industrial policy; and (vi) money insurance policy; (vii) group health insurance policy and (viii) burglary first loss policy. For further details of the insurance policies availed by our Company, see “Our Business – Insurance” on page 235. Our insurance may not be adequate to completely cover any or all of our risks and liabilities. Further, there is no assurance that the insurance premiums payable by us will be commercially viable or justifiable. Accordingly, our inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business could adversely affect our operations and profitability.
The following table sets forth our insurance cover in absolute amount and as a percentage of net assets as of the dates indicated:
* Assets represent Fixed Assets including Capital Work in Progress and Inventory and excluding Freehold Land and Leasehold Land, Intangibles, Investments, Cash and Bank Balances, other Bank Balances and Advances and Other Assets.
** Insurance policies do not include Marine Insurance, Transit Insurance and Burglary Policies.
While there have not been any instances where insurance coverage of our Company was inadequate to protect us against all material hazards and had adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of our Company, we cannot assure you that, in the future, any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Further, an insurance claim once made could lead to an increase in our insurance premium, result in higher deductibles and also require us to spend towards addressing certain covenants specified by the insurance companies. Our Company has not made any insurance claims in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023. However, our Company has recently made one insurance claim aggregating to ₹2.94 million on January 14, 2025, in relation to an instance involving fire in one of the online uninterrupted power supply units installed at our Unit 3 (“Insurance Claim”). The Insurance Claim was rejected by the insurer and our Company had borne the entire loss. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage as a result of events for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or the amount received pursuant to an insurance claim, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected.
We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition.
As at June 30, 2025, our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 – provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets, that have not been provided for are as set out in the table below:
(₹ in million)
Our contingent liabilities may materialise and become actual liabilities. In such case, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements – Note 28: Contingent liabilities and commitments” on page 322.
Our Promoters and certain of our Directors are interested in our Company in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses.
Our Promoters and certain of our Directors have interests in us other than the reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration and benefits. They are interested in us to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, and their relatives in our Company or held by the entities in which they are associated as directors, promoters, proprietors, members, trustees or partners, or that may be subscribed by or allotted to the companies, firms, ventures, trusts in which they are interested as promoters, directors, partners, proprietors, members or trustees, pursuant to the Offer and any dividend and other distributions payable in respect of such Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and such Directors will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company under all circumstances. For further details in relation to the interest of our Promoters and Directors, see “Summary of the Offer Document – Summary of related party transactions” and “Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions” on “Our Promoters and Promoter Group – Interests of Promoters”, “Our Management – Interest of Directors” on pages 24, 355, 275 and 256, respectively.
We cannot assure you that any Director who may be interested in the future, would always exercise their rights as Shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. As a result, such Director in the future will continue to exercise significant control over our Company, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other Shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Such interested Director in the future may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our best interests or the interests of other minority Shareholders, such as actions with respect to future capital raising or acquisitions. We cannot assure you that such interested Director in the future will always act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations and prospects.
We have entered into, and will continue to enter into, related party transactions that may involve conflicts of interest.
We have in the past entered into transactions with several related parties. For details regarding our related party transactions for the Fiscals 2025, 2024, 2023 and for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, see “Summary of the Offer Document – Summary of related party transactions” and “Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions” on pages 24 and 355, respectively. While all such related party transactions that we have entered into have been undertaken at arms’ length basis in accordance with applicable laws, we cannot assure you these arrangements or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Although all related-party transactions that we may enter into will be subject to Audit Committee, Board or shareholder approval, as may be required under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations and the circulars issued by the SEBI in this regard, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that our Company could not have undertaken such transactions on more favorable terms with any unrelated parties. We cannot assure you that any dispute that may arise between us and related parties will be resolved in our favour.
Our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group will continue to hold a significant equity stake in our Company after the Offer and their interests may differ from those of the other shareholders.
As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group collectively hold 98.40% of the paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. For further information on their shareholding pre and post-Offer, see “Capital Structure” on page 84. After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters along with the members of Promoter Group will continue to collectively hold majority of the shareholding in our Company and will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring Shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditure or any other matter requiring special resolution. This concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. The interests of our Promoters and the members of the Promoter Group could conflict with our interests or the interests of our other shareholders. We cannot assure you that the Promoters or the members of the Promoter Group will act to resolve any conflict of interest in our favour and any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. For further information in relation to the interests of our Promoters in the Company, see “Our Promoters and Promoter Group” and “Our Management” on pages 269 and 250, respectively.
Technological failures could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business operations and financial performance.
Our IT systems are vital to our business and we have adopted IT policies to assist us in our operations. The key functions of our IT team include establishing and maintaining enterprise information systems and infrastructure services to support our business requirements, maintaining secure enterprise operations through, among others, risk assessment and incident management policies. We have implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology system, such measures may not detect or prevent all attempts to compromise our systems, including viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in. Breaches of our cybersecurity measures could result in unauthorized access to our systems, misappropriation of information or data, deletion or modification of users information, or a denial of service or other interruption to our business operations. If our security and information systems are compromised as a result of data corruption or loss, cyberattack or a network security incident or our employees, and this information is obtained by unauthorised persons or used inappropriately, it could subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions, damage our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs, liabilities and penalties and/or result in a loss of customer confidence, any and all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we have entered into an agreement for combined cloud services dated December 20, 2021, with a vendor (“Cloud Services Vendor”) to streamline our record keeping and track our business operations. Any disruptions of services at Cloud Services Vendor’s end, shall be beyond our control and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we have not experienced any instances of security breaches in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that such instance will not arise in the future. Further, while we have adopted a disaster recovery policy to mitigate disruptions caused due to technological failures, we cannot assure you that such policy will effectively mitigate the adverse effects caused due to technological failures.
Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus shall be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior approval of the shareholders of our Company.
We propose to utilize the Net Proceeds towards (i) Prepayment and/or repayment, in full or in part, of all or a portion of certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company; (ii) Funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Company towards (b) purchasing and setting up of new machinery for expansion at our Supa Facility; and (b) purchasing and setting up of new machinery at Unit 2 in Chakan, Pune in Maharashtra; (iii) Funding the capital expenditure requirements of our Company towards purchasing and setting up of a rooftop solar power plant for power generation at our Supa Facility; and (iv) general corporate purposes. For further details of the proposed objects of the Offer, see “Objects of the Offer” on page 106. Our funding requirements are based on management estimates and are not appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of the Net Proceeds will be at the discretion of our Board. However, the deployment of the Gross Proceeds will be monitored by a monitoring agency appointed pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Further, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet another expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of the competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, we cannot undertake variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the approval of the Shareholders through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to vary the disclosed utilization of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the approval of the Shareholders in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such approval of the Shareholders may adversely affect our business or operations. Further, our Promoters would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders of our Company who do not agree with our proposal to modify the objects of the Offer, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI.
Additionally, the requirement on Promoters to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders of our Company may deter our Promoters from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilization of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that our Promoters of our Company if applicable, will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity. In light of these factors, we may not be able to vary the objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Fresh Issue, if any, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Net Proceeds, if any, which may adversely affect our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.
We may be susceptible to liabilities arising from violation of applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws.
We are subject to anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of improper payments to governments and their officials and political parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing an improper advantage and require the maintenance of internal controls to prevent such payments. Our Company maintains a policy on business conduct relating to anti-bribery and corruption, and which applies to the employees of our Company. Notwithstanding this, our employees might take actions that could expose us to liability under anti-bribery laws. In certain circumstances, we may be held liable for actions taken by our partners and agents, even though they are not always subject to our control. While there have been no such violations in the past, any violation of anti-corruption laws could result in penalties, both financial and non-financial, that could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation.
Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and financial condition.
We have not declared and paid dividend in the previous three Fiscals. For details, see section titled “Dividend Policy” on page 279. However, the amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will depend on our future earnings, cash flows, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. Additionally, in the future, we may be restricted by the terms of our financing agreements in making dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders.
The disclosures related to the educational qualifications of certain of our Promoters in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on declarations, affidavits, and undertakings furnished by them.
Our Promoter, Chairman and Executive Director, Kushal Subbayya Hegde, and our Promoter, Pushpa Hegde have been unable to trace copies of certain documents pertaining to their educational qualifications. While they have taken the requisite steps to obtain the relevant supporting documentation, they have been unsuccessful in procuring the relevant supporting documentation. Accordingly, we have placed reliance on affidavits furnished by them to disclose the details of their educational qualifications in this Red Herring Prospectus and we have not been able to independently
verify these details in the absence of primary documentary evidence. Further, there can be no assurances that they will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to their educational qualifications in the future, or at all. Therefore, we cannot assure you that all or any of the information relating to his educational qualification included in “Our Management” on page 250 is complete, true and accurate.
Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. Our Promoter Selling Shareholders will receive the proceeds from the Offer for Sale.
The Offer comprises of a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale by the Promoter Selling Shareholders. Our Promoter Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale (net of their respective portion of the Offer-related expenses) and we will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. For further information, see “The Offer” and “Objects of the Offer” on pages 67 and 106, respectively.
SECTION III – INTRODUCTION THE OFFER
The following table summarizes details of the Offer:
* To be updated upon finalization of the Offer Price.
The Offer has been authorized pursuant to the resolution passed by our Board dated May 6, 2025. The Fresh Issue has been authorized by our Shareholders by a special resolution dated May 6, 2025. Further, our Board has taken on record the consents of the Promoter Selling Shareholders to participate in the Offer for Sale pursuant to its resolution dated May 6, 2025 and IPO Committee has taken on record further updated consents of the Promoter Selling Shareholders pursuant to its resolutions dated May 22, 2025 and December 6, 2025, respectively.
Our Promoter Selling Shareholders have confirmed and authorised their participation in the Offer for Sale as set out below:
The Equity Shares held by the respective Promoter Selling Shareholders and being offered by the Promoter Selling Shareholders are eligible to form a part of the Offer for Sale in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Each of the Promoter Selling Shareholders, severally and not jointly, confirms that the Equity Shares being offered by it are eligible for being offered for sale pursuant to the Offer in terms of Regulation 8 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For further details of authorizations received for the Offer, see “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures” on page 398.
Subject to valid bids being received at or above the Offer Price, under subscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders, as applicable, at the discretion of our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to applicable laws. Undersubscription in the Offer, if any, subject to receiving minimum subscription for 90% of the Fresh Issue and compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, the Allotment for the valid Bids will be made in the first instance towards subscription for 90% of the Fresh Issue. For further details, see “Offer Structure” on page 417.
Allocation to Bidders in all categories, except Anchor Investors, if any, Non-Institutional Investors and Retail Individual Investors, shall be made on a proportionate basis subject to valid Bids received at or above the Offer Price. The allocation to each Retail Individual Investors shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot, subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Retail Portion and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis. Not less than 15% of the Offer shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Investors of which one-third of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹0.20 million and up to ₹1.00 million and two-thirds of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹1.00 million and under-subscription in either of these two sub-categories of Non-Institutional Portion may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Portion. The allocation to each Non-Institutional Investors shall not be less than the minimum application size, subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Non-Institutional Portion and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis.
Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved in the following manner (i) 33.33% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds; and (ii) 6.67% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for Life Insurance Companies and Pension Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds, Life Insurance Companies and Pension Funds, as applicable, at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. Any under-subscription in the Life Insurance Companies and Pension Funds category specified in (ii) above may be allocated to domestic Mutual Funds, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.. In the event of under-subscription in the Anchor Investor Portion, the remaining Equity Shares shall be added to the Net QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only, and the remainder of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIB Bidders (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. However, if the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than as specified above, the balance Equity Shares available for Allotment in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the Net QIB Portion and allocated proportionately to the QIB Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) in proportion to their Bids. For further information, see “Offer Procedure” on page 420.
For further details including in relation to grounds for rejection of Bids, see “Offer Structure”, “Offer Procedure” and “Terms of the Offer” on pages 417, 420 and 411.
SUMMARY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following tables set forth the summary financial information derived from the Restated Financial Statements. The summary financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with “Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 280 and 356, respectively.
(The remainder of the page has intentionally been left blank)
GENERAL INFORMATION
Registered Office of our Company KSH International Limited
11/3, 11/4 and 11/5, Village Birdewadi Chakan, Taluka-Khed
Pune – 410 501
Maharashtra, India
For details of change in our registered office, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Changes in our Registered Office” on page 243.
Corporate Office of our Company KSH International Limited
201, Tower-2, Montreal Business Centre Off Pallod Farms, Baner
Pune 411 045 Maharashtra, India
Company registration number and corporate identity number
Registration number: 141032
Corporate identity number: U28129PN1979PLC141032
Address of the RoC
Our Company is registered with the Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Pune, which is situated at the following address:
Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Pune
PCNTDA Green Building Block A 1st and 2nd floor Near Akurdi Railway Station Akurdi, Pune – 411 044 Maharashtra, India
Board of Directors of our Company
The following table sets out the brief details of our Board of Directors as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus:
For brief profiles and further details of our Board of Directors, see “Our Management – Board of Directors” on page 250.
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Sarthak Malvadkar is our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. His contact details are as set forth below: Gat No. 11/3, 11/4, 11/5, Village Birdewadi
Taluka Khed, District Pune – 410 501
Maharashtra, India
Telephone: + 91 20 45053237
E-mail: Sarthak.malvadkar@kshinterantional.com
Investor grievances
Bidders may contact the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, Book Running Lead Managers or Registrar to the Offer in case of any pre-Offer or post-Offer related queries, grievances and for redressal of complaints including non-receipt of letters of Allotment, non-credit of Allotted Equity Shares in the respective beneficiary account, non-receipt of refund orders or non-receipt of funds by electronic mode, etc.
All Offer-related grievances, other than that of Anchor Investors, may be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer with a copy to the relevant Designated Intermediary(ies) with whom the Bid cum Application Form was submitted, giving full details such as name of the sole or First Bidder, Bid cum Application Form number, Bidder’s DP ID, Client ID, UPI ID, PAN, address of Bidder, number of Equity Shares applied for, ASBA Account number in which the amount equivalent to the Bid Amount was blocked or the UPI ID (for UPI Bidders who make the payment of Bid Amount through the UPI Mechanism), date of Bid cum Application Form and the name and address of the relevant Designated Intermediary(ies) where the Bid was submitted. Further, the Bidder shall enclose a copy of the Acknowledgment Slip or provide the application number received from the Designated Intermediary(ies) in addition to the documents or information mentioned hereinabove. All grievances relating to Bids submitted through Registered Brokers may be addressed to the Stock Exchanges with a copy to the Registrar to the Offer. The Registrar to the Offer shall obtain the required information from the SCSBs for addressing any clarifications or grievances of ASBA Bidders.
All Offer-related grievances of the Anchor Investors may be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer, giving full details such as the name of the sole or First Bidder, Anchor Investor Application Form number, Bidders’ DP ID, Client ID, PAN, date of the Anchor Investor Application Form, address of the Bidder, number of the Equity Shares applied for, Bid Amount paid on submission of the Anchor Investor Application Form and the name and address of the BRLMs where the Anchor Investor Application Form was submitted by the Anchor Investor.
Book Running Lead Managers
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
801-804, Wing A, Building No. 3 Inspire BKC G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400 051 Maharashtra, India
Telephone: +91 22 40094400 Email: ksh.ipo@nuvama.com Website: www.nuvama.com
Investor grievance E-mail: customerservice.mb@nuvama.com
Contact person: Lokesh Shah/ Soumavo Sarkar
SEBI registration no.: INM000013004
ICICI Securities Limited ICICI Venture House Appasaheb Marathe Marg Prabhadevi, Mumbai – 400 025 Maharashtra, India
Telephone: +91 22 6807 7100 Email: ksh@icicisecurities.com Website: www.icicisecurities.com Investor grievance E-mail: customercare@icicisecurities.com
Contact person: Kishan Rastogi/Abhijit Diwan
SEBI registration no.: INM000011179
Statement of inter-se allocation of responsibilities among the BRLMs
The responsibilities and coordination by the BRLMs for various activities in the Offer are as follows:
Syndicate Members
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
801-804, Wing A, Building No 3 Inspire BKC, G Block
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East Mumbai 400 051
Maharashtra, India
Telephone: + 91 22 4009 4400
Email: ksh.ipo@nuvama.com, prakash.boricha@nuvama.com, and sheetal.parab@nuvama.com
Website: www.nuvama.com
Contact Person: Prakash Boricha
SEBI Registration Number: INZ000166136
ICICI Securities Limited ICICI Venture House Appasaheb Marathe Marg Prabhadevi, Mumbai – 400 025 Maharashtra, India
Telephone: +91 22 6807 7100 Email: ksh@icicisecurities.com Website: www.icicisecurities.com
Investor grievance E-mail: customercare@icicisecurities.com
Contact person: Kishan Rastogi/Abhijit Diwan
SEBI registration no.: INM000011179
Legal Counsel to our Company as to Indian Law Trilegal
One World Centre
10th Floor, Tower 2A & 2B
Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel (West) Mumbai – 400 013
Maharashtra, India
Email: ipo@trilegal.com
Telephone: +91 22 4079 1000
Registrar to the Offer
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited) C-101, Embassy 247
1st Floor, L B S Marg, Vikhroli (West) Mumbai 400083, (Maharashtra), India Telephone: +91 81081 14949
E-mail: kshinternational.ipo@in.mpms.mufg.com
Investor grievance E-mail: kshinternational.ipo@in.mpms.mufg.com
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com Contact Person: Shanti Gopalkrishnan SEBI Registration No.: INR000004058
URL of SEBI website: www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=10
CIN: U67190MH1999PTC118368
Bankers to the Offer Escrow Collection Bank HDFC Bank Limited
HDFC Bank Limited, FIG-OPS Department – Lodha I Think Techno Campus, O-3 Level
Next to Kanjurmarg Railway Station, Kanjurmarg (East) Mumbai – 400042, Maharashtra, India
Telephone: +91 22 30752929, +91 22 30752928 and +91 22 30752914
Email: siddharth.jadhav@hdfcbank.com, sachin.gawade@hdfcbank.com eric.bacha@hdfcbank.com, tushar.gavankar@hdfcbank.com, and pravin.teli2@hdfcbank.com Website: www.hdfcbank.com
Contact Person: Eric Bacha/ Sachin Gawade/ Pravin Teli/ Siddharth Jadhav/ Tushar Gavankar
SEBI Registration No: INBI00000063
CIN: L65920MH1994PLC080618
Public Offer Account Bank
ICICI Bank Limited
Capital Market Division
163, 5th Floor, H.T.Parekh Marg Backbay Reclamation Churchgate, Mumbai – 400020 Telephone: 022-68052182 Email: Ipocmg@icicibank.com Website: www.icicibank.com Contact Person: Varun Badai
SEBI Registration No: INBI00000004
CIN: L65190GJ1994PLC021012
HDFC Bank Limited
HDFC Bank Limited, FIG-OPS Department – Lodha I Think Techno Campus, O-3 Level
Next to Kanjurmarg Railway Station, Kanjurmarg (East) Mumbai – 400042, Maharashtra, India
Telephone: +91 22 30752929, +91 22 30752928 and +91 22 30752914
Email: siddharth.jadhav@hdfcbank.com, sachin.gawade@hdfcbank.com eric.bacha@hdfcbank.com, tushar.gavankar@hdfcbank.com, and pravin.teli2@hdfcbank.com Website: www.hdfcbank.com
Contact Person: Eric Bacha/ Sachin Gawade/ Pravin Teli/ Siddharth Jadhav/ Tushar Gavankar
SEBI Registration No: INBI00000063
CIN: L65920MH1994PLC080618
Sponsor Banks
ICICI Bank Limited
Capital Market Division
163, 5th Floor, H.T.Parekh Marg Backbay Reclamation Churchgate, Mumbai – 400020 Telephone: 022-68052182 Email: Ipocmg@icicibank.com Website: www.icicibank.com Contact Person: Varun Badai
SEBI Registration No: INBI00000004
CIN: L65190GJ1994PLC021012
HDFC Bank Limited
HDFC Bank Limited, FIG-OPS Department – Lodha I Think Techno Campus, O-3 Level
Next to Kanjurmarg Railway Station, Kanjurmarg (East) Mumbai – 400042, Maharashtra, India
Telephone: +91 22 30752929, +91 22 30752928 and +91 22 30752914
Email: siddharth.jadhav@hdfcbank.com, sachin.gawade@hdfcbank.com eric.bacha@hdfcbank.com, tushar.gavankar@hdfcbank.com, and pravin.teli2@hdfcbank.com Website: www.hdfcbank.com
Contact Person: Eric Bacha/ Sachin Gawade/ Pravin Teli/ Siddharth Jadhav/ Tushar Gavankar
SEBI Registration No: INBI00000063
CIN: L65920MH1994PLC080618
Designated Intermediaries
Self-Certified Syndicate Banks
The list of SCSBs notified by SEBI for the ASBA process is available at http://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes, or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time. A list of the Designated SCSB Branches with which an ASBA Bidder (other than a RIB using the UPI Mechanism), not Bidding through Syndicate/Sub Syndicate or through a Registered Broker, RTA or CDP may submit the Bid cum Application Forms, is available at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=34, or at such other websites as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.
Eligible SCSBs and mobile applications enabled for UPI Mechanism
In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, UPI Bidders may only apply through the SCSBs and mobile applications whose names appear on the website of the SEBI which may be updated from time to time. A list of SCSBs and mobile applications, using the UPI handles and which are live for applying in public issues using UPI mechanism is available on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=40 and https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=43, respectively, as updated from time to time and at such other websites as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.
In relation to Bids (other than Bids by Anchor Investors and RIIs) submitted to a member of the Syndicate, the list of branches of the SCSBs at the Specified Locations named by the respective SCSBs to receive deposits of Bid cum Application Forms from the members of the Syndicate is available on the website of the SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes&intmId=35, as updated from time to time or any such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time. For more information on such branches collecting Bid cum Application Forms from the Syndicate at Specified Locations, see the website of the SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes&intmId=35 or any such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.
Registered Brokers
Bidders can submit ASBA Forms in the Offer using the stockbroker network of the stock exchange, i.e., through the Registered Brokers at the Broker Centres. The list of the Registered Brokers eligible to accept ASBA Forms, including details such as postal address, telephone number and e-mail address, is provided on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, as updated from time to time.
Registrar and Share Transfer Agents
The list of the RTAs eligible to accept ASBA Forms at the Designated RTA Locations, including details such as address, telephone number and e-mail address, is provided on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com/Static/Markets/PublicIssues/RtaDp.aspx? and www.nseindia.com/products/content/equities/ipos/asba_procedures.htm, respectively, as updated from time to time.
Collecting Depository Participants
The list of the CDPs eligible to accept ASBA Forms at the Designated CDP Locations, including details such as their name and contact details, is provided on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at https://www.bseindia.com/Static/PublicIssues/RtaDp.aspx and
https://www.nseindia.com/products/content/equities/ipos/asba_procedures.htm, respectively, as updated from time to time.
Experts
Except as stated below, our Company has not obtained any expert opinions:
Our Company has received the written consent dated November 27, 2025 from our Statutory Auditors, Kirtane & Pandit, LLP, Chartered Accountants, to include their name as required under section 26 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI ICDR Regulations, in this Red Herring Prospectus and as an “expert” as defined under section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent and in their capacity as our Statutory Auditors, and in respect of their (i) examination report dated October 18, 2025 on the Restated Financial Statements; and (ii) the statement of special tax benefits available to the Company and its shareholders under the direct and indirect tax laws in India dated November 27, 2025, included in this Red Herring Prospectus and (iii) any other certificates as may be required for the purposes of the Offer, and such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. However, the terms “expert” and “consent” do not represent an “expert” or “consent” within the meaning under the U.S. Securities Act.
Our Company has received written consent dated November 27, 2025 from Lalit Muljibhai Sarvaiya, to include their name as required under section 26 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI ICDR Regulations, in this Red Herring Prospectus, and as an “expert” as defined under section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013 to the extent and in their capacity as an independent chartered engineer in respect of information certified by them, as included in this Red Herring Prospectus; and such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Our Company has received written consent dated December 10, 2025 from Kanj & Co. LLP, independent practicing company secretary, to include their name as required under Section 26 of the Companies Act, 2013 in this Red Herring Prospectus and as an ‘expert’ as defined under Section 2(38) of Companies Act, 2013 in respect of the certificate issued in their capacity as a practicing company secretary to our Company, and such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Statutory Auditors to our Company
Kirtane & Pandit, LLP, Chartered Accountants
5th Floor, Wing A, Gopal House
S. No. 127/1B/1, Plot A1 Opp Harshal Hall Kothrud
Pune – 411 038
Maharashtra, India
E-mail: parag.pansare@kirtanepandit.com
Telephone: + 91 (20) 6729 5100
Firm registration number: 105215W/ W100057
Peer review number: 014680
Changes in Auditors
Except as stated below, there has been no change in our statutory auditors in the three years preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus:
Bankers to our Company
Citibank N.A.
8th Floor, Onyx Tower North Main Road
Koregaon Park, Pune – 411 001 Maharashtra, India
Telephone: +91 20 6606 4494
Contact Person: Hitesh Ramani
Website: http://commercialbanking.citibank.com
Email: hitesh.ramani@citi.com
Export-Import Bank of India
No. 401, 401(A), 401(B)
& 402, 402(A), 402(B), 4th Floor
Signature Building, Bhandarkar road Shivaji Nagar, Pune – 411 004 Maharashtra, India
Telephone: +91 20 2640 3100 Contact Person: Chitra Raste Website: www.eximbankindia.in/ Email: pro@eximbankindia.in
IndusInd Bank Limited 2401 Gen Thimmayya Road, Cantonment
Pune – 411 001
Maharashtra, India
Telephone: +91-20-26234000 Contact Person: Sharmila Joshi Website: www.indusind.com/ Email: sharmila.joshi@indusind.com
ICICI Bank Limited
ICICI Bank, CBG, 3rd Floor, 362, Satguru House Next to Tanishq Showroom, CTS No. 30
Bund Garden Road, Pune – 411 001 Maharashtra, India
Telephone: + 91 8879770456 Contact Person: Cherag Gyara Website: www.icicibank.com Email: cherag.gyara@icicibank.com
HDFC Bank Limited
5th Floor, Marathon IT Park Bund Garden Road
Pune – 411 001
Maharashtra, India
Telephone: +91 20 6769 4648 Contact Person: Manisha Shukla Website: www.hdfcbank.com
Email: manisha.shukla@hdfcbank.com
State Bank of India, Industrial Finance Branch
Tara Chambers, Mumbai-Pune Road, Wakdewadi
Pune – 411 003
Maharashtra, India
Telephone: +91 20 2561 8211 Contact Person: Tushar Wakhele Website: www.sbi.co.in
Email: rm6.ifbpune@sbi.co.in
The Federal Bank Limited Ground Floor, Kubera Chambers Opp. Sancheti Hospital Shivajinagar, Pune – 41l 005 Maharashtra, India
Telephone: + 91 91586 40360
Contact Person: Ashish Mathew Pulloor
Website: www.federalbank.co.in
Email: ashishmp@federalbank.co.in
Bajaj Finance Limited
The Capital
Unit no. 1601, B- wing BKC, Mumbai Maharashtra India
Telephone: +91 20 7157 6403 Contact Person: Anand Soni Website: www.bajajfinance.com Email: anand.soni@bajajfinserv.in
Grading of the Offer
No credit rating agency registered with SEBI has been appointed for obtaining grading for the Offer.
Appraising Entity
No appraising entity has been appointed in relation to the Offer.
Monitoring Agency
As the size of the Fresh Issue exceeds ₹1,000.00 million, our Company has appointed a credit rating agency registered with SEBI, namely, CARE Ratings Limited, as a monitoring agency to monitor the utilisation of the Net Proceeds, in accordance with Regulation 41 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For details in relation to the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, see “Objects of the Offer” on page 106.
Credit Rating
As the Offer is of Equity Shares, credit rating is not required.
Debenture Trustee
As the Offer is of Equity Shares, the appointment of trustee is not required.
Green Shoe Option
No green shoe option is contemplated under the Offer.
Filing of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus
A copy of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been filed through SEBI’s online intermediary portal at https://siportal.sebi.gov.in, as specified in Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and in accordance with SEBI ICDR Master Circular. It has also been filed at:
Securities and Exchange Board of India
Corporation Finance Department Division of Issues and Listing SEBI Bhavan, Plot No. C4 A, ‘G’ Block
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) Mumbai – 400 051, Maharashtra, India
Filing of this Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus
A copy of this Red Herring Prospectus, along with the material contracts and documents required to be filed under Section 32 of the Companies Act, have been filed with the RoC at its office and a copy of the Prospectus to be filed under Section 26 of the Companies Act, 2013, will be filed with the RoC at its office, and through the electronic portal.
Book Building Process
Book building, in the context of the Offer, refers to the process of collection of Bids from Bidders on the basis of this Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Forms and the Revision Forms within the Price Band. The Price Band and the minimum Bid Lot will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, and will be advertised in all editions of Financial Express (a widely circulated English national daily newspaper), all editions of Jansatta (a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper) and Pune edition of Loksatta (a widely circulated Marathi newspaper, Marathi being the regional language of Maharashtra, where our Registered Office is located), at least two Working Days prior to the Bid/Offer Opening Date and shall be made available to the Stock Exchanges for the purposes of uploading on their respective websites. Pursuant to the Book Building Process, the Offer Price shall be determined by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, after the Bid/Offer Closing Date. For details, see “Offer Procedure” on page 420.
All Bidders other than Anchor Investors shall only participate through the ASBA process by providing the details of their respective ASBA Account in which the corresponding Bid Amount will be blocked by the SCSBs or in the case of UPI Bidders, by using the UPI Mechanism. In addition to this, the Retail Individual Investors shall participate through the ASBA process by providing the details of their respective ASBA Account in which the corresponding Bid Amount will be blocked by the SCSBs or by using the UPI Mechanism. Non-Institutional Investors with an application size of up to ₹0.50 million shall use the UPI Mechanism and shall also provide their UPI ID in the Bid cum Application Form submitted with Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers, Collecting Depository Participants and Registrar and Share Transfer Agents. Anchor Investors are not permitted to participate in the Offer through the ASBA process.
In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower the size of their Bids (in terms of the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. Further, Anchor Investors cannot withdraw their Bids after the Anchor Investor Bidding Date. Allocation to QIBs (other than Anchor Investors) will be on a proportionate basis while allocation to Anchor Investors will be on a discretionary basis, of which 40% shall be reserved in the following manner (i) 33.33% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds; and
(ii) 6.67% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for Life Insurance Companies and Pension Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds, Life Insurance Companies and Pension Funds, as applicable, at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. Any under-subscription in the Life Insurance Companies and Pension Funds category specified in (ii) above may be allocated to domestic Mutual Funds, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
For further details, see “Terms of the Offer” and “Offer Procedure” on pages 411 and 420, respectively.
Our Company will comply with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and any other directions issued by SEBI in relation to this Offer. Each of the Promoter Selling Shareholders has, severally and not jointly, specifically confirmed that it will comply with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and any other directions issued by SEBI, as applicable to it, in relation to its portion of the Offered Shares. In this regard, our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholders have appointed the Book Running Lead Managers to manage this Offer and procure Bids for this Offer.
The Book Building Process under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Bidding process are subject to change from time to time, and the Bidders are advised to make their own judgment about investment through the aforesaid processes prior to submitting a Bid in the Offer.
Bidders should note that the Offer is also subject to (i) filing of the Prospectus by our Company with the RoC; and (ii) our Company obtaining final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges, which our Company shall apply for after Allotment.
For further details on the method and procedure for Bidding, see “Offer Procedure” and “Offer Structure” on pages 420 and 417, respectively.
Underwriting Agreement
After the determination of the Offer Price and allocation of Equity Shares but prior to the filing of the Prospectus with the RoC, our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholders will enter into an Underwriting Agreement with the Underwriters for the Equity Shares proposed to be offered through the Offer. The extent of underwriting obligations and the Bids to be underwritten by each BRLM shall be as per the Underwriting Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the obligations of the Underwriters will be several and will be subject to certain conditions to closing, as specified therein.
The Underwriting Agreement is dated [●]. The Underwriters have indicated their intention to underwrite the following number of Equity Shares:
(The Underwriting Agreement has not been executed as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. This portion has been intentionally left blank and will be filled in before filing of the Prospectus with the RoC)
The above-mentioned underwriting commitment is indicative and will be finalized after determination of the Offer Price and Basis of Allotment and will be subject to Regulation 40(3) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
In the opinion of our Board of Directors (based on representations made to our Company by the Underwriters), the resources of the abovementioned Underwriters are sufficient to enable them to discharge their respective underwriting obligations in full. The Underwriters are registered with the SEBI under Section 12(1) of the SEBI Act or registered as brokers with the Stock Exchange(s). Our Board at its meeting held on [●], has accepted and entered into the Underwriting Agreement mentioned above on behalf of our Company.
Allocation among the Underwriters may not necessarily be in proportion to their underwriting commitments set forth in the table above. Notwithstanding the above table, the Underwriters shall be severally responsible for ensuring payment with respect to Equity Shares allocated to Bidders procured by them.
CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The share capital of our Company, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, is set forth below:
(in ₹, except share data)
* To be updated upon finalisation of the Offer Price, and subject to Basis of Allotment.
(1) For details in relation to the changes in the authorised share capital of our Company in the last 10 years, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Amendments to our Memorandum of Association in the last 10 years” on page 244.
(2) The Offer has been approved by our Board pursuant to the resolution passed at its meeting held on May 6, 2025 and our Shareholders have authorized the Fresh Issue pursuant to a special resolution passed at their meeting held on May 6, 2025. Further, our Board has taken on record the consents of the Promoter Selling Shareholders to participate in the Offer for Sale pursuant to its resolution dated May 6, 2025 and IPO Committee has taken on record further updated consents of the Promoter Selling Shareholders pursuant to its resolutions dated May 22, 2025 and December 6, 2025, respectively.
(3) Each of the Promoter Selling Shareholders have, severally and not jointly, consented to participate in the Offer for Sale. Each of the Promoter Selling Shareholders has specifically confirmed that its respective portion of the Offered Shares has been held by each one of them for a period of at least one year prior to the filing of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and are accordingly eligible for being offered for sale in the Offer as required by the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Further, each of the Promoter Selling Shareholders has confirmed that it is in compliance with the conditions specified in Regulation 8 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, to the extent applicable, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. For details on the authorisation of the Promoter Selling Shareholders in relation to the Offered Shares, see “The Offer” and “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures” on pages 67 and 398, respectively.